=== Prompt 1 ===
 To classify each line of the joke, we need to analyze the structure and intent of the humor. Here's the classification:

1. **Establishing context**: "Bueno, para despedirme me gustaría aclarar una cosa que creo que es importante de aclarar porque muchas mujeres vienen a mi consulta con el mismo problema, ¿no?"  
   *This line sets the scene and introduces the topic of the joke.*

2. **Setup**: "Me dicen, no, es que yo tengo el problema de los celos, tengo miedo de que mi chico se tire a otra."  
   *This introduces the problem (jealousy) that the speaker is addressing.*

3. **Escalation**: "Bien, chicas, esto es muy fácil."  
   *The speaker offers a solution, escalating the situation by suggesting a simple fix.*

4. **Punchline**: "Apuntad. Si no quieres que tu chico se tire a otra, dos punto, tíratelo tú."  
   *This is the humorous and unexpected solution to the problem, which is the punchline.*

5. **Subversion**: "Es un pequeño truquito."  
   *This line subverts the expectation by presenting the solution as a trick or a joke.*

6. **Escalation**: "Ahí, tips and tricks."  
   *The speaker continues to escalate the idea by suggesting more tips and tricks.*

7. **Repetition**: "¿Vale?"  
   *This line repeats the question to emphasize the idea, creating a rhythmic effect.*

8. **Escalation**: "Hay chicas que me dicen, no, es que yo me lo tiro y sigue mirando culos por ahí."  
   *The speaker escalates the situation by providing an example of someone who tried the solution but still had issues.*

9. **Escalation**: "Tíratelo más. Tíratelo más. Las veces que haga falta."  
   *The speaker escalates the advice, suggesting even more frequent action.*

10. **Escalation**: "Hasta que le coja asco."  
    *The speaker escalates the advice by suggesting extreme measures.*

11. **Escalation**: "Claro. Que el tío salga a la calle y que se le acerque una tía buena y diga..."  
    *The speaker continues to escalate the scenario, building up to the

=== Prompt 2 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English. Please make sure to use the correct labels. The joke is the following: [The joke is the one above] Alright, let's break down the joke step by step. First, the joke starts with the speaker being asked, "¿Qué pasa?" which sets up the context of a conversation. Then, the speaker mentions being careful with fire, referencing a common phrase, which is the setup for the punchline. The mention of "el que la sigue la persigue" adds to the setup. The phrase "como dijo aquel" introduces a reference, which is part of the setup. The speaker then mentions the girlfriend being pregnant, which is the punchline. The subsequent lines discuss the girlfriend's transformation during pregnancy, comparing her to a Pokémon, which escalates the humor. The part about the bra size and the timing of the announcement adds to the escalation. The speaker's reaction and the comparison to other situations like buying bread or heels adds to the escalation and misdirection. The final lines about the best part of the topic and the wrap-up with "END OF JOKE" indicate the wrap-up. The repetition of "las tetas" and the mention of the time during pregnancy are part of the escalation and repetition. The speaker's confusion and the mention of the pregnancy being measured in specific times add to the escalation and misdirection. The final lines about the best part of the topic and the wrap-up with "END OF JOKE" indicate the wrap-up. The entire joke uses various elements like setup, escalation, subversion, and punchline to create humor.
Alright, let's break down the joke step by step. First, the joke starts with the speaker being asked, "¿Qué pasa?" which sets up the context of a conversation. Then, the speaker mentions being careful with fire, referencing a common phrase, which is the setup for the punchline. The mention of "el que la sigue la persigue" adds to the setup. The phrase "como dijo aquel" introduces a reference, which is part of the setup. The speaker then mentions the girlfriend being pregnant, which is the punchline. The subsequent lines discuss the girlfriend's transformation during pregnancy, comparing her to a Pokémon, which escalates the humor. The part about the bra size and the timing of the announcement adds to the escalation. The speaker's reaction and the comparison to other situations like buying bread or heels adds to the escalation and misdirection. The final lines about the best part of the

=== Prompt 3 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, so if you can, you should use Spanish labels. If you can't, you can use English labels. You can use the following labels: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. The labels should be in the same order as the lines. So, for each line of the joke, you have to assign the label. Let me know if you need more clarification. Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the joke's structure and then assign each line to the appropriate label. The joke is in Spanish, so I'll try to use Spanish labels where possible. Let me go line by line.

The first line is "¿Qué pasa? Que hay un momento del embarazo que son las clases de preparación al parto que deberían llamarse las clases para acojonar al padre para que no entre al parto." This seems like the setup, introducing the topic of prenatal classes and the humor about scaring the father. So maybe "setup".

Next line: "Esto es una mierda que te ponen un vídeo, ¿vale?" This is the speaker's reaction, indicating the problem with the videos. Possibly "establishing context" or "escalation" as it's expanding on the setup.

Third line: "Te ponen un vídeo de los años 60, se conoce que después ya no dejaron grabar o lo que fuera." This gives more context about the video's age and history. Maybe "establishing context" again.

Fourth line: "Vídeo viejuno que se ha muerto de viejo ya el hijo y la madre, todos ya." Here, the speaker is emphasizing the video's antiquity and the people in it are no longer alive. This could be "escalation" as it's building up the absurdity.

Fifth line: "Está la mujer ahí abierta, en posición pues de dar a luz, ¿eh?" Describing the woman's position, which is part of the setup for the absurd imagery. Maybe "setup" or "escalation".

Sixth line: "Tiene a la mujer ahí, pues bueno, en esa época la Venus esta de Gillette no estaba de moda, ¿eh?" This is adding more context about the era's fashion, so "establishing context".

Seventh line: "

=== Prompt 4 ===
 The joke has 13 lines. The first line is "Bueno, pues creo que con esto ya me conocéis un poquito más." The last line is "Gracias.".
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand each line's role in the joke structure. The joke is in Spanish, but I'll focus on the structure rather than the content.

Starting with the first line: "Bueno, pues creo que con esto ya me conocéis un poquito más." This seems like the speaker is setting the stage, maybe introducing themselves. So that's likely establishing context.

Next line: "Ahora me tocaría a mí conocerlos a vosotros." This is the speaker shifting the conversation to the audience, so maybe setup. They're preparing for the joke to come.

Third line: "¿Algún racista en la sala?" This is a question to engage the audience, possibly setting up a scenario. Maybe setup or escalation?

Fourth line: "¿No?" That's a follow-up to the previous question, so maybe escalation or misdirection. It's a rhetorical question leading into the next part.

Fifth line: "Nos da un poquito de grima esas razas claramente inferiores, como la gente que dice... ¡Holi!" Here, the speaker is introducing a stereotype, which is the setup for the punchline. Maybe setup or escalation.

Sixth line: "A mí el racismo me parece un problema bastante grave." This is the speaker expressing their stance against racism, which could be part of the setup or escalation.

Seventh line: "Pero creo que lo contrario también lo es." The speaker is introducing the opposite idea, which might be a twist. This could be a setup for the punchline or a subversion.

Eighth line: "Yo creo que soy demasiado no racista." The speaker is stating they're not racist, which might be a setup for the punchline. Maybe setup or escalation.

Ninth line: "Porque, os pondré un ejemplo, hay una chica que viene de vez en cuando a limpiar a mi casa y sistemáticamente me rompe un plato y no la despido, porque es de Ecuador." Here, the example is given, which is the setup for the joke. So setup or escalation.

Tenth line: "Si fuese de Cartagena,a su puta casa." This is the punchline, contrasting Ecuador with Cartagena

=== Prompt 5 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but I think the labels are universal. So I need to classify each line of the joke into the appropriate role. Let me start by breaking down the joke line by line.

Okay, let's go through the joke step by step. First, the user provided a Spanish joke and wants each line classified into specific roles. The labels include things like establishing context, setup, escalation, etc. I need to make sure I understand each part of the joke and how they fit into these categories.

Starting with the first line: "Otro claro ejemplo de que es un problema ser demasiado no racista." This seems like it's setting up the premise. The speaker is making a statement about being too non-racist being a problem, which introduces the theme of racism. So this is probably "establishing context."

Next line: "Hace unos meses tuve un problema, se me clavó una costilla en el pulmón, tuve que ir a urgencias, vi al plantel de médicos, había mediado cena de médicos y uno de ellos era negro." This is introducing the situation. The speaker had a medical issue and noticed a black doctor. This is setting up the scenario, so "setup."

Then: "Y yo pensaba, que me toque el negro, que me toque el negro, que me toque el negro." The speaker is thinking they'll get the black doctor, which introduces the stereotype. This is "escalation" as the stereotype is being emphasized.

Next: "Era como una jubilada española en Cuba." This is a comparison, maybe a metaphor or a reference to a stereotype, so "misdirection" because it's diverting the audience's expectation.

Then: "Y me tocó, me tocó el negro." The realization that the black doctor was assigned. This is the "punchline" because it's the unexpected outcome.

Next: "Tuve suerte y dije, joder, de puta madre." The speaker expresses relief, which is a reaction to the punchline. This could be "callback" or "repetition" but maybe "callback" since it's a reaction to the previous setup.

Then: "Entonces vino el médico negro, me puso la anestesia, me pinchó en el pulmón, me puso una gasa y con la bolsita de la gasa hizo una bola y la tiró a la papelera sin mirar

=== Prompt 6 ===
 I need to classify each line of the joke. The joke is in Spanish, but I will provide the lines in Spanish so you can classify them. The lines are as follows: 1. Tuve que ir a hacerme, me tuve que ir a hacer unas radiografías y cuando volví para llevárselas al médico, el médico no estaba y le pregunté a la enfermera dónde está y la enfermera me dijo qué médico es. 2. Claro, cuando llegas al hospital con una costilla clavada en el pulmón, la verdad es que lo último en lo que te fijas es el nombre del médico. 3. Entonces en mi cabeza solo sonaba el negro, el negro, el negro, el negro, el negro, el negro. 4. Pero yo no podía reducir seis años de carrera, cuatro años de MIR, un posible viaje en patera en la raza del médico. 5. Entonces, pues tomé la decisión que habría tomado cualquier adulto, que es hacerme el loco. 6. ¿Eh? ¿Cómo? 7. Si no, no, el médico es alto. 8. El negro, el negro, el negro, el negro, el negro. 9. No sé, ¿qué edad tiene un negro? 10. No, no, no, ¿qué edad tiene un Negro? 11. ¿Habéis visto alguna vez un nigerio a costa de marfil del Mundial Sub-16? 12. La mitad podrían ser mi padre. 13. No, no, gracias a WhatsApp podemos saber el tamaño de la polla de un Negro, pero nunca podemos saber su edad. 14. Entonces ella seguía preguntándome, ¿es calvo, lleva gafas, es negro, es negro? 15. Y evidentemente, al final, me preguntó, ¿es negro? 16. Y joder, el castellano es una lengua muy rica en vocabulario 17. Y yo sinceramente creo que elegí las tres peores palabras para responder a esa pregunta 18. Que es,no estoy seguro 19. Gracias.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke and each line's role.

=== Prompt 7 ===
 Do not use any markdown.
Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants each line labeled with its role in the joke structure. Let me start by reading through the entire joke again to get a good grasp.

The first line is "Claro, es que son muy inteligentes." That seems like an introductory statement, maybe setting up a context. The next line is "Un coach cobra por hacerte preguntas." This introduces the concept of a coach charging for questions, which might be the setup. 

Then the dialogue starts: "Tú le dices a un coach, ¿crees que derrocho el dinero? Y él te responde, ¿qué crees tú? 200 euros, ¿sabes?" Here, the person is asking if they're wasting money, and the coach responds with a price. This seems like the setup leading into the conflict. 

The next part: "Joder, que yo le dije... Que yo le dije, joder, macho, no tengo 200 pavos." The speaker is reacting to the price, showing they can't afford it. This is escalation because the situation is getting more intense. 

Then the coach says, "Dice, entonces, ¿qué? ¿No me vas a pagar? Digo, no sé, ¿qué crees tú?" The coach is pushing back, asking if the person will pay, and the speaker is confused. This might be the escalation continuing. 

The next line: "Por eso a mí con el coaching me pasa como con la marihuana Que me encanta pero he acabado hasta la polla" Here, the speaker compares coaching to marijuana, indicating they like it but are tired of it. This could be a callback or a subversion. 

Finally, "END OF JOKE." That's the wrap-up. 

Wait, let me check each line again. The first line might be establishing context, the second line is setup. The dialogue between the coach and the person is the setup and escalation. The part where the coach asks if they'll pay is part of the escalation. The comparison to marijuana is a callback or a subversion, maybe a twist. The last line is the wrap-up. 

But I need to make sure each line is labeled correctly. Let me go step by step:

1. "Claro, es que son muy inteligentes." – Establishing context, maybe setting up the premise.
2. "Un

=== Prompt 8 ===
 The joke is split into lines separated by \n, and each line is a separate element in the list. The joke is in Spanish. I need to classify each line with the labels given. Please make sure the labels are in the same order as the lines. The labels must be in Spanish.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the joke structure. The user provided a Spanish joke split into lines, each separated by \n. My task is to assign each line a label from the given list. The labels are in Spanish, so I need to make sure I use the correct terms.

Starting with the first line: "Sí, porque están los cursos de coaching estos multitudinarios 200 personas en un hotel ahí". This seems like setting up the context. The speaker is talking about these large coaching courses with 200 people in a hotel. So maybe "establishing context" is the label here.

Next line: "Te lo venden como si fuera la vacuna contra el cáncer". This is comparing the coaching courses to a cancer vaccine, which is a strong metaphor. This might be "misdirection" because it's setting up an exaggerated expectation.

Third line: "Lo más maravilloso del mundo Como hacerle la eutanasia al hijo de Will Smith". The mention of eutanasia and Will Smith's son is a random, shocking statement. This could be "misdirection" again, or maybe "escalation" as it's adding more absurdity.

Fourth line: "Y llegan ahí y te prometen que te van a enseñar El truco para conseguir el trabajo que quieres El dinero que quieres La pareja que quieres". Here, the speaker lists the promises made by the course. This is part of the setup, maybe "setup" or "escalation" as it's building up the expectations.

Fifth line: "Claro,yo llegué preparado para falsificar el DNI Estado Diamante Bra Pitt." The speaker mentions preparing to forge a DNI, which is a humorous exaggeration. This might be "misdirection" or "escalation" as it's adding to the absurdity.

Sixth line: "Cuando llega el momento te dicen que el truco es trabajar, trabajar y trabajar." This is the twist where the actual advice is just working hard. This is likely the "subversion" because it's turning the expectation on its head

=== Prompt 9 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English, so you should classify the lines accordingly. The joke is as follows:

Line 1: ¿Estás preparado? Ok. Métete en internet, pon vuelos baratos.
Line 2: Cógete el más barato, no seas tonto. Y vete al aeropuerto a la hora que te pone ahí.
Line 3: Claro,te decepciona más que un Minion presentando pasapalabra.
Line 4: Así que por eso prefiero cosas mucho más potentes, como un chamán.
Line 5: Sí, porque la sabiduría chamánica data del año 1500 hace, antes de Coach, ¿sabes? Súper antigua. 
Line 6: END OF JOKE.
Okay, let me try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke and the role each line plays. The labels are in English, so I need to make sure I'm matching them correctly even though the joke is in Spanish.

Starting with Line 1: "¿Estás preparado? Ok. Métete en internet, pon vuelos baratos." This seems like it's setting up the scenario. The question "Are you ready?" followed by instructions to check for cheap flights. That sounds like establishing context because it's introducing the situation or the task the listener is supposed to do.

Line 2: "Cógete el más barato, no seas tonto. Y vete al aeropuerto a la hora que te pone ahí." This is giving more specific instructions, reinforcing the setup. It's part of the setup because it's continuing to build the scenario where the person is supposed to find the cheapest flight and go to the airport at the specified time. So maybe setup.

Line 3: "Claro,te decepciona más que un Minion presentando pasapalabra." Here, the speaker is saying that this will disappoint you more than a Minion presenting "pasapalabra" (which I think is a play on "pasaporte" or "pass" in Spanish, maybe a reference to a game show or something). This seems like a punchline or a subversion. Wait, but maybe it's a setup for the punchline? Or is it the punchline itself? The mention of Min

=== Prompt 10 ===
 and must be in the same order as the original text. The labels are as follows: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Let's think step by step.
Okay, let's break down this joke step by step. The user wants each line of the joke classified into specific roles. The joke is in Spanish, so I need to make sure I understand it correctly first.

The joke starts with "Yo fui a un chamán y me puse ahí delante de él y el tío... ¡Ay, ay, esto es tu aura!" Translating that, it's about going to a shaman and standing in front of him, and the guy says, "Oh, oh, this is your aura!" Then the next line: "Y al lado había un conjunto de chavales con problemas de psicomotricidad y el tío, ¡ay, ay, estos son Aurin!" So there's a group of kids with psychomotor issues, and the guy says, "Oh, oh, these are Aurin!" Then it continues with "Claro, lo vio. Que lo vio, que lo vio. Esto es verdad." which translates to "Of course, he saw it. He saw it, he saw it. This is true."

Now, let's analyze each line's role. 

First line: Establishing context. The speaker is going to a shaman, which sets up the scenario. So that's establishing context.

Second line: Setup. The setup introduces the situation where the shaman is looking at the speaker's aura. But then the next part introduces the kids with psychomotor issues. Wait, maybe the setup is the initial part where the speaker goes to the shaman and the shaman comments on the aura. Then the next line introduces the kids, which might be a misdirection or escalation. 

Wait, the second line is the shaman pointing out the aura, then the next line introduces the kids with psychomotor issues and the shaman says "these are Aurin." That seems like a twist. So the first part is setup, then the second line is the punchline? Or maybe the first part is setup, then the second line is the punchline, but then the third line is a callback or repetition? Let me think again.

The structure of the joke is: the speaker goes to

=== Prompt 11 ===
 

Okay, let's break down this joke step by step. The user wants each line of the joke classified into specific roles. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke.

The first line is "Entonces, claro, yo he estado investigando en Internet y me he dado cuenta de que todos los coach tienen algo en común." This seems like the setup, introducing the idea that all coaches have something in common. So that's probably the setup.

Next line: "Todos tienen un pasado oscuro, turbio." This is expanding on the setup, giving the common trait. Maybe this is escalation, building up the idea.

Third line: "Se ve que para llegar a ser coach tienes que haber superado algún trauma, ¿sabes?" This is explaining the reasoning, so maybe escalation again, or perhaps setup? Wait, the setup is the initial statement, then this line is supporting it. Maybe escalation.

Fourth line: "Son como Batman." Comparing coaches to Batman, which is a metaphor. This could be a setup for the punchline, so maybe setup or escalation.

Next line: "Lo que pasa es que Batman te viene con su Batmóvil y un coach te viene con su couche,¿no?" Here, the punchline is comparing Batmóvel to couche. This is the actual punchline, so that's the punchline label.

Then: "Es una diferencia... ¿Soy yo? Es así." This line seems to be the speaker questioning if they're the one being referred to, adding a twist. Maybe this is a subversion or a callback. Wait, the speaker is saying "Es así" meaning "That's how it is," which might be a callback to the previous line.

Next line: "Gracias. END OF JOKE." This is the wrap-up, thanking the audience and ending the joke.

Let me check again. The first line is setup, the second line is escalation, third line is escalation, fourth line setup, fifth line punchline, sixth line maybe subversion or callback, and the last line wrap-up. Wait, the line "¿Soy yo? Es así." could be a callback to the setup, reinforcing the idea. Alternatively, it might be a misdirection. Hmm.

Wait, the punchline is the comparison between Batmóvel and couche. The line after that is the speaker questioning if they are the one, which is a bit confusing. Maybe that's a callback to the setup, or maybe it's

=== Prompt 12 ===
 To classify the joke, I will analyze each line to determine its role in the joke structure. Let's break down the joke line by line:

1. "A mí me gustan mucho las cerezas, porque yo las veo como aceitunas, pero en chica." - This line introduces the main idea, comparing cherries to olives, so it's establishing context.

2. "Y me imagino siempre que una cereza..." - This line sets up the scenario, so it's the setup.

3. "Es gracioso, sí." - This line is a simple acknowledgment, so it's non-line.

4. "Y una... Es verdad." - This line is a bit confusing, but it seems to be adding a new element or clarification, so it's non-line.

5. "Pues yo me imagino siempre que una aceituna y una cereza son como una pareja de lesbianas donde la aceituna es la que tiene el pelo corto." - This line is the punchline, where the unexpected comparison is made, so it's the punchline.

6. "END OF JOKE." - This is the end of the joke, so it's wrap-up.

So the classification would be: establishing context, setup, non-line, non-line, punchline, wrap-up.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "non-line", "non-line", "punchline", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 13 ===
 The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Let me know if you need the joke translated. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Let me know if you need the joke translated. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Let me know if you need the joke translated.
Okay, let me try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the joke itself. The user provided a Spanish joke, so maybe I should start by translating it to make sure I get the context right. Let me go through each line step by step.

The first line is: "que el otro día se me enfadaron unas chicas actuando." Translating that, it means "the other day some girls got angry at me acting." Wait, maybe "se me enfadaron" is more like "they got angry with me." So maybe the speaker is saying that some girls got angry with him because he was acting (maybe in a role or in a certain way). 

Next line: "Me dice, pues nosotras somos dos cerezas." The person says, "Well, we are two cherries." Maybe this is a play on words. "Cerezas" is cherries, but in Spanish, "cereza" can also be a term for a "cereza" which is a type of fruit, but maybe there's a slang or a pun here. The speaker is responding to the girls' anger, and the girls say they are two cherries. 

Third line: "Digo, pues vete al pachá que ya tenéis el logotipo hecho." The speaker responds, "Well, go to the pacha since you already have the logo done." "Pachá" might be a term related to a club or a place, maybe a nightclub. The speaker is suggesting that since they have the logo (maybe for a group or a band), they should go to the pacha. 

Fourth line: "Mira, estoy hasta el coño de que se ofenda la gente

=== Prompt 14 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but the labels should be in English. Also, please note that the joke may have multiple punchlines. Each line should be labeled. Please make sure that your labels are accurate and follow the standard definitions for each label. Do not use any labels that are not in the list. I will give you an example for reference. The example is: {"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "punchline", "punchline", "punchline", "punchline", "punchline", "wrap-up"]} for the joke: "I'm going to the doctor because I have a little problem. I have a problem with my nose. It's runny. I have a runny nose. I have a problem with my nose. It's runny. I have a runny nose. I have a problem with my nose. It's runny. I have a runny nose. I have a problem with my nose. It's runny. I have a runny nose. I have a problem with my nose. It's runny. I have a runny nose. I have a problem with my nose. It's runny. I have a runny nose. I have a problem with my nose. It's runny. I have a runny nose. I have a problem with my nose. It's runny. I have a runny nose. I have a problem with my nose. It's runny. I have a runny nose. I have a problem with my nose. It's runny. I have a runny nose. I have a problem with my nose. It's runny. I have a runny nose. I have a problem with my nose. It's runny. I have a runny nose. I have a problem with my nose. It's runny. I have a runny nose. I have a problem with my nose. It's runny. I have a runny nose. I have a problem with my nose. It's runny. I have a runny nose. I have a problem with my nose. It's runny. I have a runny nose. I have a problem with my nose. It's runny. I have a runny nose. I have a problem with my nose. It's runny. I have a runny nose. I have a problem with my nose. It's runny. I have

=== Prompt 15 ===
 

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants each line classified into specific roles. Let's start by understanding the joke structure.

First line: "¿Se puede estar más feo que con gorro de piscina?" That's a rhetorical question asking if you can be uglier than wearing a pool hat. It sets up the premise, so maybe "establishing context" or "setup." But since it's a question leading into the punchline, maybe "setup."

Second line: "Yo creo que quien inventó el gorro de piscina es una persona maligna, ¿verdad? De Slytherin." This is the punchline, blaming the pool hat inventor as a villain from Slytherin. This seems like a "punchline" or maybe "subversion" if it's a twist. But since it's the main point, "punchline" makes sense.

Third line: "Esto es para los frikis de Harry Potter." This is a callback to the Harry Potter reference, so "callback" or "meta-humor." Since it's directing the joke towards a specific group, maybe "meta-humor."

Fourth line: "O eso que ha tenido una infancia de mierda." This adds another layer, suggesting the person's bad childhood. This could be "escalation" or "misdirection." It's adding a reason why the pool hat is bad, so maybe "escalation" as it's building on the previous line.

The last line: "END OF JOKE." That's a wrap-up, so "wrap-up."

Wait, let me check again. The first line is the setup. The second line is the punchline. The third line is a callback to Harry Potter. The fourth line is a possible escalation or misdirection. The last line is wrap-up. Also, the mention of Slytherin is a meta-humor element. Maybe the third line is "meta-humor" because it's referencing the Harry Potter fandom. The fourth line might be "misdirection" if it's leading somewhere else, but it's actually adding to the joke. Alternatively, "escalation" as it's intensifying the reason. Hmm. Maybe the fourth line is "escalation" because it's building on the previous statement. The "END OF JOKE" is definitely wrap-up. The second line is the punchline. The first line is setup. The third line is meta-humor. The fourth line

=== Prompt 16 ===
 Please put your final answer within \boxed{}.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the joke's structure. The user provided a Spanish joke, so I'll need to parse each line and determine its role.

The first line is "Que yo tuve una infancia un poco pochi." That seems like the setup, introducing the speaker's childhood. So maybe "establishing context" here. 

Next, the lines about the mother saying "¡Ah, hija, que viene una moto! ¡Hija, que viene un coche! hija, que viene un camión..." This is probably the setup, building up the situation. Maybe "setup" or "establishing context." 

Then the speaker says, "digo, mamá, me quieres dar de comer ya que nos estás haciendo perder el tiempo a las dos y me quiero echar la siesta..." This is the child's response, trying to get food. This might be the "escalation" because it's the child's attempt to change the situation. 

The next part: "que luego en el cole me decían,gorda,gorda,digo,que no es gorda,que es que tengo dentro el aparcamiento de la T4." Here, the child is being called fat, but the punchline is that they have a parking lot inside, referencing the T4 (which might be a car model or a typo for T4, like a Volkswagen? Maybe "T4" is a reference to a car's trunk or something). This seems like the punchline, so "punchline." 

The last line is "Gracias." That's probably the wrap-up, closing the joke. 

Wait, let me check again. The first line is establishing context about the childhood. The next lines are the setup, the mother's exaggerated warnings. Then the child's escalation by asking for food. The part about being called fat is the punchline, with the twist about the parking lot. "Gracias" is a closing. 

So the labels would be:

1. establishing context
2. setup
3. escalation
4. punchline
5. wrap-up

But wait, the lines are separated by newlines. Let me count each line:

Line 1: "Que yo tuve una infancia un poco pochi." → establishing context

Line 2: "Cuando tu madre te daba de comer, te decía, ¡Ah,

=== Prompt 17 ===
 Please make sure to not include any other text in your response. The joke has 13 lines, so the answer should have 13 labels. Each line is separated by a newline. The labels are in the same order as the lines. The labels must be in lowercase. The labels are in Spanish. The labels are: estableciendo contexto, planteamiento, escalada, subversión, callback, distracción, timing, humor meta, chiste, redirección, no línea, cierre, repetición. I need to classify each line of the joke into one of these labels. Let me think about each line one by one.

First line: "Le dio por la acupuntura, que esto me encanta." This is introducing the topic, so it's establishing context.

Second line: "Si sabéis lo que es la acupuntura, lo cuento rápidamente." This is setting up the joke by asking if the audience knows about acupuncture, so it's part of the setup.

Third line: "Para quien no lo sepa, resulta que si tú estás nervioso o tenso, para que te calmes, te clavan 18 agujas por todo el cuerpo." This is explaining what acupuncture is, so it's part of the setup as well.

Fourth line: "Para que te calmes." This is a repetition of the purpose of acupuncture, so it's repetition.

Fifth line: "Te dejan gallumos con los ojos cerrados y el tío va clavando." This describes the process, so it's part of the setup.

Sixth line: "Tú no lo ves, pero el tío lo ves así como..." This introduces a contrast or a twist, so it's misdirection.

Seventh line: "Está para la espalda." This is a specific example, so it's part of the setup.

Eighth line: "Esta para el sueño." Another specific example, so it's part of the setup.

Ninth line: "Esta para que no te duelan." Another specific example, so it's part of the setup.

Tenth line: "Los 300 euros que voy a cobrarte." This introduces the cost, which is a twist, so it's escalation.

Eleventh line: "Y luego ya pasamos al Reiki, que esto es el colmo del morro ya." This is the punchline, introducing Reiki

=== Prompt 18 ===
 The joke has 13 lines. The lines are as follows: 1. El Reiki es una terapia que te curan sin tocarte. 2. O sea, te pasan las manos a un palmo de distancia y ya no te tocan. 3. Pero es que el tío te lo razona. 4. El tío te dice, mira, me entra la energía por aquí. 5. Digo, ¿la del universo? 6. Me dice, sí, la del universo. 7. Me entra por aquí. 8. Dice, se me acumula aquí y me sale por las manos. 9. Digo, ¿me estás diciendo que haces cameames de energía, pavo? 10. O sea, esto es muy fuerte. 11. Y el tío me dice, no, notarás un calorcito. 12. Eso es la energía. 13. Y es verdad, se nota el calorcito. 14. Pero abrí un ojo y lo pillé pasand el mechero. 15. O sea, digo, ¡plutón de mar! 16. END OF JOKE. (Note: The joke has 13 lines, but the lines are numbered up to 16 due to the END OF JOKE. Please check the actual line count.) Let's correct the line count. The joke is as follows: 1. El Reiki es una terapia que te curan sin tocarte. 2. O sea, te pasan las manos a un palmo de distancia y ya no te tocan. 3. Pero es que el tío te lo razona. 4. El tío te dice, mira, me entra la energía por aquí. 5. Digo, ¿la del universo? 6. Me dice, sí, la del universo. 7. Me entra por aquí. 8. Dice, se me acumula aquí y me sale por las manos. 9. Digo, ¿me estás diciendo que haces cameames de energía, pavo? 10. O sea, esto es muy fuerte. 11. Y el tío me dice, no, notarás un calorcito. 12. Eso es la energía.

=== Prompt 19 ===
 I will give you the joke again, this time with line breaks: Y a esa hora, doce y media entre semana en el gimnasio, la media de edad... ¿Cómo lo digo y no ofendo? Justin Bieber y Hannah Montana no hay. Lo que más hay es Manuel Storri Iglesias y Conchas Velasco. Hay mucho viejo, hay mucho viejo. Tanto que la piscina parece una pastilla efervescente con tanta piel muerta.
Okay, let's break down this joke line by line to classify each part. 

First line: "Y a esa hora, doce y media entre semana en el gimnasio, la media de edad..." This sets the scene, mentioning the time and place (gym at 12:30 on weekdays) and introduces the topic of age average. So this is establishing context.

Next line: "¿Cómo lo digo y no ofendo?" This is the setup, asking how to say something without offending, which leads into the punchline.

Third line: "Justin Bieber y Hannah Montana no hay." This is a misdirection, contrasting young celebrities with the actual people present, which is a red herring.

Fourth line: "Lo que más hay es Manuel Storri Iglesias y Conchas Velasco." Here, the joke reveals the actual people present, which are older individuals, so this is the escalation as it builds up to the punchline.

Fifth line: "Hay mucho viejo, hay mucho viejo." This repetition emphasizes the age, so it's a repetition.

Last line: "Tanto que la piscina parece una pastilla efervescente con tanta piel muerta." This is the punchline, using a vivid image to highlight the abundance of old people, making the joke. 

So the labels would be: establishing context, setup, misdirection, escalation, repetition, punchline.


=== Prompt 20 ===
 So I need to classify each line of the joke into one of these labels. Let me go through each line step by step. First, the joke starts with a statement about never having problems with older people at the gym. That seems like setting up the context for the joke. Next, the speaker says they lied and mentions the first day at the gym in the showers. This is introducing the situation, so maybe establishing context. Then they describe the showers as "tipo mili," which is a setup for the joke about seeing things. The line about not wanting to see things is part of the setup. The mention of the octogenarian wanting to see the speaker's nakedness is the punchline. The speaker's reaction and the metaphor about saving as a JPG are part of the punchline and maybe subversion. The final "Gracias" is a wrap-up. I need to make sure each line is correctly labeled.
Okay, let me try to break down this joke line by line. The user wants each line classified into specific roles like establishing context, setup, escalation, etc. Let me start by reading through the joke again.

The first line is "Nunca ningún problema con la gente mayor del gimnasio, nunca ningún problema, never, never, never, never." That's setting up the premise that there are no issues with older people at the gym. So that's probably establishing context.

Next line: "Miento, un día, sí, un día, el primer día en el gimnasio, en las duchas." The speaker is lying and introducing the specific incident on the first day in the showers. This is introducing the situation, so maybe establishing context or setup.

Then: "No hay sitios." There's no space, which sets up the problem. This is part of the setup.

"Las duchas de mi gimnasio son tipo mili, son duchas tipo mili, ¿qué quiere decir eso? que puede ver culos y pollas si quieres." Explaining the showers are like "mili" (military?), which allows seeing things if you want. This is explaining the setup for the joke, so setup.

"Si no quieres, no lo ves." Emphasizing that you can choose not to see, which is part of the setup.

"Aquel hombre se conoce que quería." The man wanted to see, which is the escalation, leading to the problem.

"Yo estaba en la ducha, como siempre, yo normal,

=== Prompt 21 ===
 

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the joke's structure and identify each line's role. The joke starts with the speaker talking about their past and decision to be with a 21-year-old girl to gain security and self-esteem. That seems like setting up the context. Then, they mention the girl being insatiable, which might be the setup for the punchline. The part about the number of erogenous zones in men versus women is probably escalation, building up to the punchline. The mention of the woman being like a big penis with many erogenous points is a key part, leading to the actual punchline where the girl asks to touch all points at once, which the speaker can't do. The speaker's struggle and the comparison to a band (Nacho Cano, Mecano, Green Day) might be a callback or misdirection. The ending with "END OF JOKE" is likely the wrap-up. I need to make sure each line is labeled correctly based on its role in the joke's structure.


=== Prompt 22 ===
 Here is the joke:

dice, méteme un dedo en la boca
digo, joder, qué ganas de complicar las cosas
dice, no dice, dime algo, dime algo
digo, yo qué sé, digo, guapa
dice, no, no, algo más guarro
digo,gorrina,coño,gorrina que eres una gorrina que no se lava que tiene pelotillas en los calcetines
me dice, sí, sí, está para llegar, está para llegar
digo,para llegar con la que tengo aquí montada digo,tira tú que yo me quedo en boxes
¡Gracias! END OF JOKE.
Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. First, I need to understand each part's role in the joke structure. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition.

Starting with the first line: "dice, méteme un dedo en la boca" – This seems like the setup. It's the initial action or request, setting the scene for the interaction. So maybe "setup".

Next line: "digo, joder, qué ganas de complicar las cosas" – The speaker is reacting, maybe showing reluctance or hesitation. This could be part of the escalation, building up the situation. So "escalation".

Third line: "dice, no dice, dime algo, dime algo" – The other person is prompting for more, which keeps the conversation going. This might be part of the setup or escalation. Maybe "escalation" again as it's pushing the interaction forward.

Fourth line: "digo, yo qué sé, digo, guapa" – The speaker is being evasive or using a term of endearment. This could be a redirection or maybe part of the escalation. Maybe "escalation" since it's part of the ongoing dialogue.

Fifth line: "dice, no, no, algo más guarro" – The other person is pushing for something more, which is escalating the situation. So "escalation".

Sixth line: "digo,gorrina,coño,gorrina que eres una gorrina que no se lava que tiene pelotillas en los calcetines" – This is a strong, possibly vulgar response. It's a punchline

=== Prompt 23 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but you can classify it regardless of language.
Okay, let's break down this joke step by step. The user wants each line classified into specific roles. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke.

The joke starts with "Hay mucho tarado en Internet." That's the first line. "Tarado" is slang for a fool or a nutcase. So this line is setting the scene, introducing the topic of people on the internet. I think this is establishing context.

Next line: "¿Quién más está?" This is a question asking who else is there. It's leading into the next part, so maybe setup. But wait, setup is usually the part that builds up to the punchline. Maybe this is part of the setup as it's prompting the audience to think about other groups.

Then: "A ver, están los de las conspiraciones, los de los alienígenas también." Here, the speaker lists some groups (conspiracy theorists, aliens). This seems like escalation, building up the list of groups, making the joke more absurd.

Next line: "Bueno, y los de los fantasmas, ¿eh?" Adding ghosts to the list. This is escalation again, adding another group. The "¿eh?" might be a tag question, which could be misdirection or timing, but here it's part of the escalation.

Then: "Aquí, poca risa con los fantasmas, que yo he tenido muchas experiencias con fantasmas." The speaker says there's not much humor in ghosts because they have experiences with them. This is a subversion, because it's turning the expected joke about ghosts into a serious statement.

Next: "De hecho, durante tres años fui socio del Real Madrid." Here, the speaker claims to have been a Real Madrid partner. This is a punchline, but it's unexpected. Wait, but the previous line was about ghosts, so this is a sudden shift. Maybe this is a callback or a misdirection? Wait, the next line clarifies that it's made up. So the line about Real Madrid is a punchline, but then the next line is a subversion because it's revealed as a lie.

Wait, the line after that: "No, no, esto me lo he inventado." The speaker clarifies that the Real Madrid part is made up. This is a subversion, because it's correcting the previous statement, adding a twist. But the line

=== Prompt 24 ===
 Please do not use any markdown formatting.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context","setup","escalation","subversion","callback","misdirection","timing","meta-humor","punchline","redirection","non-line","wrap-up","repetition"]}

=== Prompt 25 ===
 You should use the following labels: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Each line should be labeled. The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English. You can assume that the lines are in order. The labels must be in the same order as the lines. The labels must be in the same order as the lines. The labels must be in the same order as the lines. The labels must be in the same order as the lines. The labels must be in the same order as the lines. The labels must be in the same order as the lines. The labels must be in the same order as the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the

=== Prompt 26 ===
 

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants each line labeled with its role in the joke structure. Let me start by reading through the joke again to understand the flow.

First line: "Pues yo la primera vez que vi aquello, digo..." – This seems like the setup. The speaker is introducing their first reaction to something they saw. It's setting the scene for the joke.

Second line: "Joder,ya hay que ser vago para ponerle ruedas a unas zapatillas de deporte." – This is the punchline, right? The initial joke is about adding wheels to sports shoes, which is a funny image. But the speaker is reacting with surprise, maybe a bit of sarcasm.

Third line: "Pero... Luego, pensándolo mejor, digo..." – Here, the speaker is changing their mind, indicating a shift in perspective. This might be a redirection or a setup for the next part.

Fourth line: "Hostia, la idea de ponerle ruedas a un niño ¿No?" – This seems like a twist. The speaker realizes the real joke is about putting wheels on a child, which is a different and more absurd idea. This could be a subversion or a callback to the initial setup.

Fifth line: "Sin hacerle pasar por un trágico accidente, evidentemente." – This adds a humorous detail, maybe a misdirection or escalation, suggesting that the child's wheels wouldn't cause a tragic accident, which is a funny contradiction.

Sixth line: "O sea...¡Ay,vea!¡Un muchacho con ruedas!" – This is the punchline again, but more specific. It's the final realization, so this would be the punchline or maybe a callback.

Wait, the user's example labels include punchline, setup, escalation, etc. Let me check each line again.

First line: Establishing context. The speaker is talking about their first time seeing something, so it's setting up the scenario.

Second line: The initial punchline about sports shoes with wheels. That's the setup for the joke, but maybe the first punchline is here. Wait, the setup is the initial part that leads to the punchline. Hmm. Maybe the first line is setup, the second line is the punchline. But the speaker then changes their mind, so the third line is a redirection or escalation.

Wait, the structure is: the speaker

=== Prompt 27 ===
 Please note that the labels are case-sensitive, and the order of the labels should be in the order of the lines in the joke.
Okay, let's break down this joke line by line to classify each part. The joke is in Spanish, so I need to make sure I understand each line correctly.

First line: "Yo he visto a muchos padres tirando del niño por la calle." – This sets the scene. It's introducing the situation where parents are pulling kids by the street. So this is establishing context.

Second line: "En plan, venga, niño, vamos al colegio." – This seems like the setup, explaining the reason why the parents are pulling the kid. It's setting up the scenario for the joke.

Third line: "¡No quiero que... Venga!" – The child's response, showing resistance. This might be part of the setup or escalation, but since it's the child's reaction, maybe it's part of the setup leading into the punchline.

Fourth line: "Ponle ruedas al chiqüelo,tío,ruédalo." – Suggesting wheels for the kid, which is a funny idea. This is probably the setup leading to the punchline. Maybe escalation here as it's introducing the idea of wheels.

Fifth line: "Si es que debe ser comodísimo." – Commenting on the comfort of wheels, which is part of the setup, building up to the joke.

Sixth line: "De hecho, yo creo que el tío que ha inventado las ruedas para esas zapatillas es el mismo tío que inventó las ruedas para las maletas." – Here, the punchline is starting to connect the idea of wheels for kids and luggage. This is a key point where the joke is building up.

Seventh line: "El tío tiene que haber pensado, ¿a qué otra cosa pesada y molesta con la que tengo que cargar en la vida y puedo poner ruedas?" – This is the escalation, expanding on the idea of applying wheels to other things, leading to the punchline.

Eighth line: "A ver,si la única diferencia entre un niño y una maleta es que si te pierdes la maleta te hagas un disgusto.¿No?" – This is the subversion or punchline, making the comparison between a child and a suitcase, pointing out the difference in the consequence of losing them. This is the

=== Prompt 28 ===
 I need to classify each line of this joke. Let me start by reading through the entire joke to understand its structure and flow.

Okay, so the joke starts with a question: "¿No os guste o no?" which is like asking if you don't like something. Then it says "Todos somos un poco mongers." I think "mongers" here is a play on words, maybe a typo or slang, but in Spanish, "monger" could refer to someone who deals in something, but maybe it's a joke term. The next line is "Yo el primero, ¿eh?" which is the speaker claiming to be the first. Then "Yo el primero." So repetition here.

The next part talks about being unemployed, having all the time in the world, and not wanting to use it for something beneficial. The speaker says if they work for someone, they do it from Monday to Friday, but if it's for themselves, they don't care about the company. Then there's a line about if the company is you, it doesn't make sense. Then the speaker says they don't know if it's inherent in humans or Spaniards, but they need a relative to tell them to do something immediately. They mention exams, studying math, and then a funny part about burning the tip of a plastidecor (which might be a typo for "plastico" or "plastic decor") and trying to combine it with another one. They invent a new color, "verderillo," and then question if they can add a third plastidecor. There's confusion about whether it's plastidecor or not, and the speaker mentions Spain twice. Then they talk about trying to make more plastidecos, ending up with a long, colorful thing that looks like a homosexual gondolero. The mother enters, and the speaker is hiding the afternoon, not wanting to break it because they don't want to lose the work of the day.

Now, to classify each line. Let's go line by line.

1. "¿No os guste o no?" – This seems like a setup, maybe a question to engage the audience, so maybe setup.
2. "Todos somos un poco mongers." – This is introducing the concept, so establishing context.
3. "Yo el primero, ¿eh?" – Repetition, maybe setup or establishing context.
4. "Yo el primero." – Repetition, so repetition.
5. "O sea, f

=== Prompt 29 ===
 Please do not add any other text. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. The joke is in Spanish, so you may need to use Spanish terms. The labels should be in Spanish, like 'puntualización' for punchline. Use the Spanish labels. Please make sure to use the correct Spanish labels. The joke is in Spanish, so the labels should be in Spanish. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. The labels should be in Spanish: establecimiento de contexto, planteamiento, escalada, subversión, callback, desvío, timing, humor meta, punto final, redirección, no línea, cierre, repetición. Please make sure to use the correct Spanish labels. The labels are: establecimiento de contexto, planteamiento, escalada, subversión, callback, desvío, timing, humor meta, punto final, redirección, no línea, cierre, repetición. Please make sure to use the correct Spanish labels. The joke is in Spanish, so the labels should be in Spanish. The labels are: establecimiento de contexto, planteamiento, escalada, subversión, callback, desvío, timing, humor meta, punto final, redirección, no línea, cierre, repetición. Please make sure to use the correct Spanish labels. The joke is in Spanish, so the labels should be in Spanish. The labels are: establecimiento de contexto, planteamiento, escalada, subversión, callback, desvío, timing, humor meta, punto final, redirección, no línea, cierre, repetición. Please make sure to use the correct Spanish labels. The joke is in Spanish, so the labels should be in Spanish. The labels are: establecimiento de contexto, planteamiento, escalada, subversión, callback, desvío, timing, humor meta, punto final, redirección, no línea, cierre, repetición. Please make sure to use the correct Spanish labels. The joke is in Spanish, so the labels should be in Spanish. The labels are: establecimiento de contexto, planteamiento, escalada, subversión, callback,

=== Prompt 30 ===
 

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. The user provided a joke in Spanish, and I need to break down each line into its role. Let me first read through the joke again to understand it properly.

The joke starts with the speaker looking at various furniture items: the wardrobe (armario), the shoe cabinet (mueble zapatero), the nightstand (mesita de noche), and the bed (cama). Then the speaker says they think they can go from the chair (silla) to those furniture items and back without touching the ground. The next line asks if others have done it, and finally thanks them.

So, breaking it down line by line:

1. "y me quedo mirando el armario el mueble zapatero la mesita de noche la cama" – This is the setup, introducing the scenario. The speaker is observing these objects, setting the stage for the challenge.

2. "y digo yo creo que puedo ir de la silla al al armario, al mueble zapatero, a la mesita de noche, a la cama y de vuelta a la silla sin tocar suelo." – This is the setup continuing, presenting the challenge. The speaker claims they can move between the items without touching the ground. It's the main setup for the punchline.

3. "Lo habéis hecho,¿no?" – This seems like a callback or maybe a setup. The speaker is asking if others have done it, which might be leading into the punchline. Wait, maybe it's part of the setup? Or could it be a misdirection? Hmm.

4. "Gracias." – This is likely the punchline. The speaker thanks them, which is unexpected. The humor comes from the implication that the task is impossible, so the thanks is a twist. Alternatively, maybe it's a callback to the initial setup.

Wait, maybe I need to consider the structure again. Let me think of standard joke structures. The setup introduces the problem, the escalation builds up the challenge, then the punchline delivers the twist. But in this case, the punchline might be the thanks. Let me check again.

The first line sets the scene (establishing context). The second line presents the challenge (setup). The third line is the speaker asking if others have done it, which could be a setup for the punchline. The fourth line, "Gracias," is the punchline because it's an unexpected response. The

=== Prompt 31 ===
 The joke is given as follows: Hablando de animales, el otro día el obispo de mi ciudad hizo unas declaraciones.
Yo soy de Alcalá de Henares, tenemos uno de los obispos más incompetentes de toda España, y tuvo el valor de decir públicamente que los homosexuales eran enfermos.
Que la homosexualidad era una enfermedad.
¡Hostia! Dije, a mí me acojonó bastante, porque la Iglesia sabe de enfermedades sexuales, ¿sabes?
Pero lo que me jodió es con qué autoridad moral un obispo puede opinar, un obispo que ni se casa, que no tiene relaciones sexuales, puede opinar de algo que no sabe.
Eso es como si ponemos a Stephen Hawking de jurado de Mira Quién Baila.
¿Sabéis?
Vale, pongamos, pongamos que tengo siete años y todavía me creo lo que dice la iglesia, ¿vale?
Pongamos que tengo siete años y me lo creo.
Quiero más información.
La homosexualidad es una enfermedad.
Dime cómo se pilla, ¿cómo la coges?
¿Es como la gripe? ¿Va poco a poco?

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line to classify each part. The user wants each line labeled with its role in the joke structure. Let me start by recalling the labels: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition.

First line: "Hablando de animales, el otro día el obispo de mi ciudad hizo unas declaraciones." This seems like setting the scene, introducing the topic. So "establishing context".

Second line: "Yo soy de Alcalá de Henares, tenemos uno de los obispos más incompetentes de toda España, y tuvo el valor de decir públicamente que los homosexuales eran enfermos." This is introducing the specific example, the bishop's statement. So "setup".

Third line: "Que la homosexualidad era una enfermedad." Repeating the bishop's claim, so maybe "escalation" as it's building on the setup.

Fourth line: "¡Hostia! Dije, a mí me acojonó bastante, porque la Iglesia sabe de enfermedades sexuales, ¿sabes?" The speaker

=== Prompt 32 ===
 I need to classify each line of the joke into one of the specified labels. The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English. Here's the joke again:

Line 1: ¿Estás un día en el baño tan tranquilo?
Line 2: Pues yo acabo de comer, pero me está entrando un hambre.
Line 3: Tío, hoy no puedo ir a currar.
Line 4: ¿Qué te ha pasado?
Line 5: ¿Que estoy pillando mariconismo?
Line 6: No jodas.
Line 7: ¿Y eso?
END OF JOKE.

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition.

Line 1: "¿Estás un día en el baño tan tranquilo?" – This seems like the setup. It's the initial question that starts the conversation. Maybe establishing context? Or maybe setup? Wait, establishing context is when you set the scene. But setup is more about leading to the punchline. Hmm. Since it's the first line, maybe it's establishing context. But sometimes setup is the lead-up. Let me think. The first line is a question, setting up the scenario. So maybe establishing context.

Line 2: "Pues yo acabo de comer, pero me está entrando un hambre." – This is the response to the first line. The person says they just ate but are getting hungry. This could be part of the setup, building up the situation. Maybe escalation? Because it's adding more to the context. Or maybe it's part of the setup. Wait, setup is the part that leads to the punchline. So maybe this is part of the setup, but not sure yet.

Line 3: "Tío, hoy no puedo ir a currar." – The person says they can't go to work today. This seems like a problem or a consequence. Maybe this is the punchline? Or is it part of the setup? Wait, the punchline is the unexpected twist. Let me see. The previous lines are about being in the bathroom, eating, getting hungry, and then not being able to go to work. Maybe the punchline is the reason they can't go to work, which is the next line.

Line 4: "¿Qué

=== Prompt 33 ===
 Please make sure to label each line as per the given labels and ensure that the number of labels equals the number of lines in the joke. Do not add any other information.
Okay, let's break down this joke line by line to classify each part. The user wants each line labeled with its role in the joke structure. Let me start by reading through the joke again to understand the flow.

First line: "Pero en serio, joder, me han ofrecido presentar la voz." This seems like the speaker is being serious and mentioning an offer, maybe setting up a scenario. Could be establishing context or maybe a setup.

Second line: "Con eso te digo todo." This sounds like the speaker is concluding their point, maybe indicating that the following information is the main point. Possibly a setup or a transition.

Third line: "Lo que más me llamó la atención, y esto es real, que un psicólogo se hizo famoso porque vendió a la iglesia que él hacía un tratamiento para curar a los homosexuales." Here, the speaker introduces a specific example, which is the main story. This is likely the setup, introducing the situation that leads to the punchline.

Fourth line: "Hostia, la iglesia enseguida la arropó, le dio publicidad, pero al tiempo se descubrió que era un farsante." This describes the consequence of the psycologist's actions, showing the initial positive reaction and then the revelation of fraud. This might be escalation or setup.

Fifth line: "Y la iglesia no le denunció." This is a twist, indicating that despite the fraud, the church didn't take action. This could be subversion or escalation.

Sixth line: "Yo creo que llegaron a un acuerdo." The speaker suggests a deal was made, adding to the unexpected outcome. This might be escalation or subversion.

Seventh line: "Le reunieron en el Vaticano y le dijo el Papa, esto es intolerable." Introducing the Pope's involvement, which adds a new layer, possibly escalation or setup.

Eighth line: "O sea, ¿te estás aprovechando de la ingenuidad de la gente para ganar poder y dinero?" The speaker questions the psycologist's motives, which is a shift in perspective. This could be a callback or misdirection.

Ninth line: "Dijo el tío,vale,vale,me hbéis pillado,me

=== Prompt 34 ===
 The joke is as follows: 

Line 1: ¿Qué camiseta deberíamos llevar a Madrid si queremos realmente tocarle los cojones a los madrileños?
Line 2: Una de Barcelona 92.
Line 3: ¡Donde duele!
The joke is as follows: 

Line 1: ¿Qué camiseta deberíamos llevar a Madrid si queremos realmente tocarle los cojones a los madrileños?
Line 2: Una de Barcelona 92.
Line 3: ¡Donde duele!
Okay, let me try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke. The user provided three lines. Let me break them down one by one.

Line 1: "¿Qué camiseta deberíamos llevar a Madrid si queremos realmente tocarle los cojones a los madrileños?" This seems like a question setting up the scenario. The phrase "tocarle los cojones" is a Spanish expression that means to "give someone a hard time" or "mess with someone," often in a playful or confrontational way. So the question is asking which shirt to wear in Madrid to really mess with the locals. The context here is about wearing a shirt that provokes a reaction, possibly related to regional rivalry.

Line 2: "Una de Barcelona 92." This is the answer given. "Barcelona 92" refers to the 1992 Barcelona Olympics, but more importantly, it's a reference to FC Barcelona, the football (soccer) club based in Barcelona. The joke is likely playing on the rivalry between Barcelona and Real Madrid, two major football clubs in Spain. Wearing a Barcelona shirt in Madrid (where Real Madrid is based) would be a provocation, hence the answer. So this line is the setup for the punchline, but maybe it's the setup or the punchline itself?

Line 3: "¡Donde duele!" This translates to "Where it hurts!" which is a play on the phrase "donde duele" (where it hurts) in Spanish. The phrase "tocarle los cojones" is often followed by "donde duele" as a humorous or exaggerated response. So this line is the punchline, delivering the humorous twist.

Now, classifying each line according to the labels provided. Let me recall the

=== Prompt 35 ===
 

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the joke's structure and identify each line's role. The user provided a multi-line joke in Spanish, and I need to label each line with one of the specified roles.

Starting with the first line: "Y bueno, después de todo esto, pues con los tres o cuatro que sobrevivamos, porque nos van a fusilar, nos montamos un estado más pequeñito en Andorra, ¿no?" This seems like setting up a hypothetical scenario. The speaker is talking about surviving and creating a small state in Andorra. This might be the setup for the joke, introducing a premise. So maybe "establishing context" or "setup".

Next line: "Por ejemplo, sin opción." This could be a continuation of the setup, adding more details. Maybe "escalation" as it's building on the previous idea.

Third line: "¿Habéis oído que los catalanes caemos mal fuera de Cataluña?" This is introducing a claim or a statement that's central to the joke. It might be the setup, but since it's a question, maybe "setup" or "establishing context".

Fourth line: "Soy el único que tiene Twitter aquí, ¿no? ¿Verdad?" This seems like a personal statement, possibly a misdirection or a way to shift the conversation. Maybe "misdirection" or "timing" if it's used to build up to something else.

Fifth line: "Yo intento ser positivo, ¿vale?" This is the speaker's attitude, perhaps setting up their stance. Could be "setup" or "establishing context".

Next: "Yo no pienso que los catalanes caigamos mal fuera de Cataluña." This is a direct contradiction to the previous statement, so it's a twist. Maybe "subversion" or "escalation".

Then: "Solo pienso que si el primer caso de ébola hubiera sido tuerca Barcelona, no se hubieran dado la independencia sin pedirla, tíos." This is introducing a hypothetical scenario to support the previous point. This could be "escalation" or "setup".

Next line: "O no se hubieran sacrificado, no sé." Another part of the hypothetical, maybe "escalation".

Then: "El caso es que, bueno, ya lo he dicho, ni soy independentista ni soy lo otro, me da exactamente igual, pero soy

=== Prompt 36 ===
 

Okay, let's break down this joke step by step. The user wants each line classified into specific roles. Let me start by reading the joke again carefully.

The first line is: "Los catalanes hemos aportado cosas como, por ejemplo, la sardana, tíos." This seems like an introduction, setting up the topic. So maybe "establishing context" here. The speaker is talking about Catalan contributions, mentioning the sardana as an example. That's setting the stage for the joke.

Next line: "La sardana es una mierda de baile, pero la sardana ha aportado una cosa muy importante al resto del mundo, que es la costumbre de danzar en círculos, dejando la ropa en medio para no tener que pagar el guardarropa." Here, the speaker starts by criticizing the sardana as a bad dance, but then introduces a positive aspect. The setup is the initial criticism, and the important part is the twist about dancing in circles and leaving clothes in the middle. This might be the setup leading to the punchline. Wait, the "pero" (but) introduces a contrast, so maybe this is the setup. The key point here is the unexpected benefit, which is the punchline. But I need to check the structure.

Then the next line: "Esto es nuestro, hay que reivindicarlo." This is a conclusion, reinforcing the point. It might be the wrap-up or a callback. But the previous line already stated the important contribution, so this could be the punchline. Wait, the punchline is the unexpected twist. Let me think again.

The joke structure: The setup is the mention of the sardana and the criticism, then the twist is that the dance has a benefit (leaving clothes in the middle to avoid paying for storage). The punchline is the twist, so the second line is the setup, and the part about leaving clothes is the punchline. Then the last line is a wrap-up, reinforcing the point. Alternatively, maybe the entire second line is the setup, and the punchline is the specific part about the clothes. But the user wants each line classified.

Wait, the lines are separated by newlines. Let me check again:

Line 1: Establishing context (introducing the topic of Catalan contributions).

Line 2: Starts with a criticism ("mierda de baile") but then introduces the positive aspect (dancing

=== Prompt 37 ===
 The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. Please use the labels as given. The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. Please use the labels as given. The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. Please use the labels as given. The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. Please use the labels as given. The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. Please use the labels as given. The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. Please use the labels as given. The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. Please use the labels as given. The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. Please use the labels as given. The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. Please use the labels as given. The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. Please use the labels as given. The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. Please use the labels as given. The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. Please use the labels as given. The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. Please use the labels as given. The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. Please use the labels as given. The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. Please use the labels as given. The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. Please use the labels as given. The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. Please use the labels as given. The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. Please use the labels as given. The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. Please use the labels as given. The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. Please use the labels as given. The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. Please use the labels as given. The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. Please use the labels as given. The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. Please use the labels as given. The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. Please use the labels as given. The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. Please use the labels as given. The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. Please use the labels as given. The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. Please use the labels as given

=== Prompt 38 ===
 Here is the joke again, with line breaks preserved: Porque, fijaos, gracias a las mentiras te hacen creer que necesitas cosas que en realidad no necesitas, pero, hala, vengas a comprar y vas a comprar y vas a comprar.\nFíjate tú la publicidad.\nLa publicidad te pone unos anuncios que son la leche, pero impresionantes, unas cosas, una parafernalia.\nO sea, vamos a ver, ¿de verdad te tienes que montar toda esa historia para venderme un perfume?\nSi eso tiene que ser algo más directo.\nTú pon a una señora en la tele que diga,esto huele muy bien. END OF JOKE. Here is the joke again, with line breaks preserved: Porque, fijaos, gracias a las mentiras te hacen creer que necesitas cosas que en realidad no necesitas, pero, hala, vengas a comprar y vas a comprar y vas a comprar.\nFíjate tú la publicidad.\nLa publicidad te pone unos anuncios que son la leche, pero impresionantes, unas cosas, una parafernalia.\nO sea, vamos a ver, ¿de verdad te tienes que montar toda esa historia para venderme un perfume?\nSi eso tiene que ser algo más directo.\nTú pon a una señora en la tele que diga,esto huele muy bien. END OF JOKE.

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke and identify each line's role. The user has provided the joke with line breaks, so I'll go through each line one by one.

The first line is: "Porque, fijaos, gracias a las mentiras te hacen creer que necesitas cosas que en realidad no necesitas, pero, hala, vengas a comprar y vas a comprar y vas a comprar." This seems like the setup. It introduces the main idea that lies are used to make people buy things they don't need, leading to the action of buying. So this might be the setup.

Next line: "Fíjate tú la publicidad." This is pointing out the role of advertising, which is part of the context. Maybe establishing context here, as it's introducing the topic of advertising.

Third line: "La publicidad te pone unos an

=== Prompt 39 ===
 

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants each line classified into specific roles. Let me start by reading through the joke again to understand the flow.

First line: "Y a mí me ha convencido, no necesito más." – This seems like the setup. The speaker is saying they're convinced, so they don't need anything else. It's setting up the expectation that something is going to convince them, but maybe it's not real.

Next line: "Pero no." – That's a contrast. The speaker is contradicting the previous statement. So this is probably a setup for the punchline, indicating that the previous conviction isn't valid.

Then: "No hacen eso, no hacen algo así directo y sincero, no, te montan la película..." – Here, the speaker is explaining that they don't do things directly or sincerely. They're talking about being deceived, so this is setting up the idea that the previous statement was a setup, and now the real thing is coming. Maybe this is part of the escalation or setup.

Next part: "...en la que de pronto ves la ciudad de París por la noche iluminada, la Torre Eiffel llena de luces..." – This is a vivid image, probably the setup for the absurd scenario. It's building up the fantasy, so this could be part of the setup or escalation.

Then: "...de pronto llega un atunero de 200 metros del Lora que va ahí arrancando adoquines por la calle..." – The speaker introduces an absurd element: a tuna boat (atunero) from Lora (a place in Spain) that's destroying the street. This is the escalation, making the situation more ridiculous. It's part of the setup for the punchline.

Continuing: "...con un marinero vestido de Popeye en la proa que va a dar un beso a una chica medio desnuda en un balcón y le da un beso." – Another absurd image, adding to the fantasy. This is part of the setup, escalating the ridiculousness.

Then the question: "¿ Tú te crees que eso es real?" – The speaker is questioning the reality of the scenario. This is the subversion, challenging the previous setup. It's leading towards the punchline.

Next: "¿Desde cuándo a un marinero depilado le gustan las mujeres?" – This is

=== Prompt 40 ===
 I need to classify each line of the joke. Let me start by reading the entire joke to understand its structure and flow. The joke seems to be a humorous monologue about the absurdity of advertising and consumerism, with a focus on the absurdity of buying unnecessary items like a "palo del selfie" (selfie stick). The speaker seems to be reacting to the influence of ads, leading to a series of increasingly ridiculous purchases and interactions. Now, I'll go through each line one by one to determine its role in the joke's structure. The first line sets the scene by talking about ads being shown at night, which is the context for the rest of the joke. The next lines talk about how these ads are shown when the person is asleep, drunk, or high, which sets up the premise of the joke. The mention of buying a penis extender for dog food is a humorous escalation of the absurdity of consumerism. The speaker then talks about needing a selfie stick, which is a more relatable but still absurd purchase. The mention of the "Estado Diamante" and the idea of someone taking a photo with a stick is a subversion of the previous absurdity. The speaker then reacts to the idea of a "vaso para zurdos" (left-handed cup) and the absurdity of it, which is a form of misdirection. The speaker then reacts with excitement and urgency to buy the product, which is a form of escalation. The mention of a random dictionary and the speaker's excitement to buy it is another escalation. The final lines with the speaker's exuberance and thanks are the wrap-up of the joke. I'll now classify each line accordingly. The first line is establishing context. The next lines are setup and escalation. The mention of buying the penis extender is escalation. The selfie stick is escalation. The Estado Diamante line is subversion. The left-handed cup is misdirection. The excitement to buy is escalation. The random dictionary is escalation. The final lines are wrap-up and punchline. I'll make sure each line is classified correctly. Let me double-check each line to ensure the classification is accurate. The first line is establishing context. The next lines are setup and escalation. The penis extender is escalation. The selfie stick is escalation. The Estado Diamante line is subversion. The left-handed cup is misdirection. The excitement to buy is escalation. The random dictionary is escalation. The final lines are wrap-up and punchline. I

=== Prompt 41 ===
 and the joke is in Spanish.
Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the joke's structure. The user provided a Spanish joke, so I'll need to parse it line by line.

Starting with the first line: "¿Qué tal?" That's a common greeting, maybe setting the scene. But since it's the beginning of a conversation, maybe it's establishing context. Then the next line is "Buenas noches, qué majetes, os vio jovencicos y esta generación a mí me mola mucho ahora, la que viene detrás, no os va a dar sopas con ondas..." This seems like the setup, talking about the current generation and the next one. The speaker is comparing generations, maybe setting up a contrast.

Then the part about the daughter, Martita, writing a letter to the Reyes Magos. The mention of her listing all the toys she wants, like a scooter, skateboard, etc., is probably the escalation. The parent tells her to stop because it's too much, and she says to remove "queridos reyes magos" from the start. That seems like a subversion because the punchline is that she's removing the salutation, making the letter incomplete. The final line is the punchline, where the parent says "quita, queridos reyes magos," which is the callback to the initial salutation, but the twist is that she's removing it, leading to the humor. 

Wait, the punchline is the part where she says "quita, queridos reyes magos," which is the same as the beginning of the letter. So the setup is the parent's initial praise of the current generation, then the escalation is the daughter's list of toys, the subversion is when she removes the salutation, and the punchline is the final line where the parent says "quita" (remove) the salutation. Maybe the callback is when the parent says "quita, queridos reyes magos," which is the same as the start of the letter. Also, the misdirection might be when the parent says "para, para, para" (stop, stop, stop) and the daughter responds by removing the salutation. 

I need to check each line again. Let me list them:

1. ¿Qué tal? - Establishing context (greeting)
2. Buenas noches, qué majetes, os

=== Prompt 42 ===
 and the joke is in Spanish. The user is a native Spanish speaker, and the joke is in Spanish. The user is asking for the classification of each line of the joke. The labels are the same as the ones listed above. The joke is in Spanish, and the user is a native speaker, so the classifications should be accurate for the context. The user is likely looking for a breakdown of how each line contributes to the joke's structure. The user may be a language learner or a humor analyst. The joke is about the story of the Three Wise Men and the gifts they brought to baby Jesus, but with a humorous twist. The humor comes from the speaker's childhood memory of receiving gifts from the Three Wise Men, and the contrast between the traditional story and the speaker's personal experience. The punchline is when the speaker says that he believed the gifts were brought by the Wise Men, not his parents. The joke relies on the listener's knowledge of the traditional story and the speaker's misunderstanding of it. The user wants the classification of each line of the joke, so the assistant needs to identify the role of each line in the joke's structure. The assistant should be careful to assign the correct label to each line, taking into account the context of the joke and the speaker's narrative. The assistant should also be aware that the joke is in Spanish, and the labels should be applied accordingly.
Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants each line classified into specific roles like setup, punchline, etc. First, I need to understand the joke's structure.

The joke starts with the speaker talking about the Three Wise Men bringing gifts. The first line is "Digo, hostia, chaval." That sounds like an exclamation, maybe setting the scene or starting the story. Maybe "establishing context" since it's the beginning of the narrative.

Next, "Bueno, pues se lo trajeron todo porque..." This seems like the setup, explaining why they brought everything. Then "Cuidado. Se lo trajeron todo." This might be a warning or a repetition of the setup, maybe "repetition" or "escalation."

Then the speaker talks about his childhood, receiving gifts when he behaved well. "Yo cuando era pequeño me acuerdo que me traían una cosa, una cosa si me portaba bien." This is establishing his personal experience, so "establishing context."

The next lines about getting coal for misbehaving and a gift for being good are part of

=== Prompt 43 ===
 The joke is in Spanish. So, the labels are in Spanish. For example, if the joke is: A: ¿Te has enterado de la nueva norma? B: Sí, la de que los perros no pueden comerse los gatos. A: ¿Y qué pasa si un gato se come un perro? B: Pues que es un perro que se come un gato. Then the labels would be: {"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "punchline"]} 

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. First, the user provided a Spanish joke, and I need to classify each line into specific roles. The labels are in Spanish, so I need to make sure I use the correct terms.

The joke starts with "Que nos creíamos de pequeños que los niños venían de París." That sounds like setting up a common belief or a premise. So maybe "establishing context" because it's introducing the idea that kids come from Paris. 

Next line: "Los niños vienen de París. ¿Cómo le dices eso a mi hija Martita?" This seems like the setup. The speaker is saying that kids come from Paris, then asks how to tell his daughter Martita. So "setup" here because it's leading into the punchline.

Third line: "Cinco años yo he estado en el colegio de Martita con sus compañeros de clase." This is introducing a new element—maybe a twist or a red herring. The speaker claims to have been in the same school as Martita's classmates, which might be a way to mislead. So "misdirection" or "escalation"? Wait, maybe "escalation" because it adds more info, but I'm not sure. Alternatively, "misdirection" if it's leading away from the main point.

Fourth line: "Y te voy a decir una cosa, mira. Peruanos, ecuatorianos y dominicanos, los que queráis." This seems like a list of nationalities, which might be a way to divert attention. Maybe "misdirection" again, as it's introducing other groups, possibly to confuse the listener.

Fifth line: "De París no le ha venido ni uno,como te lo mentira." This is the punchline. The speaker is saying that no one from Paris has come, which contradicts the earlier statement.

=== Prompt 44 ===
 So, for the joke: "A: What's the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman? B: You can't make a snowwoman in August." the answer would be {"ANSWER":["setup", "punchline"]}.

Okay, let's break down this joke step by step. The user provided a Spanish joke and wants each line classified into specific roles. First, I need to understand the joke's structure.

The joke starts with "Cuando yo era pequeño, lo más negro que había..." which translates to "When I was little, the darkest thing there was..." This seems like setting up a context about the past, so maybe "establishing context." Then the next line: "Porque cuando yo era pequeño no había negros, acuérdate, que había que pintar a uno para la cabalgata, si es verdad o no." Here, the speaker is explaining that back then, there were no "negros" (blacks), implying that you had to paint one for a parade. This is probably the setup, explaining the premise.

Next line: "Ahora si te descuidas hay que pintar a dos de presa fácil,¿eh?" Now, the speaker contrasts the past with the present, saying now you have to paint two "presa fácil" (easy targets), which might be a play on words. This could be escalation or maybe a setup for the punchline. Then: "Pero antes no,antes no." Repeating "antes no" emphasizes the contrast, possibly a repetition or escalation. 

The last line: "Gracias." Seems like a polite closing, maybe a wrap-up. But wait, in Spanish jokes, sometimes the punchline is the last line. However, the structure here is a bit different. Let me check again. The initial part sets up a context about the past, then contrasts with the present, which might be the punchline. But the user's example had a setup and punchline. Maybe the setup is the first part, then the punchline is the contrast between past and present. 

Wait, the joke might be playing on the idea that in the past, you only needed to paint one black person for the parade, but now you need two, implying that there are more people of color now, hence "presa fácil" (easy targets). The punchline could be the contrast. But the lines are a bit fragmented. Let me map each line:

1. "Cuando yo era pequeño

=== Prompt 45 ===
 The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. The joke is from the category of stand-up comedy. The joke is written in Spanish. The labels are in English. The joke is from the category of stand-up comedy.
Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants each line classified into specific roles like setup, punchline, etc. First, I need to understand the joke's structure.

The first line is "¡Abrir la mente!" which translates to "Open your mind!" This seems like an introduction or setup, maybe establishing the topic of the joke about opening one's mind.

Next, "¡Soy muy fácil, soy muy fácil!" – "I'm very easy, I'm very easy!" This could be establishing context, maybe the speaker is setting up their own ease in being open-minded.

Then, "Yo estoy probando ejercicios de apertura mental constantemente." – "I'm constantly trying mental opening exercises." This is probably setting up the premise of the joke, explaining what the speaker is doing.

The line "Últimamente una cosa que me gusta hacer es colgar yo a mitad de mi frase." translates to "Lately, one thing I like to do is hang up in the middle of my sentence." This seems like the setup for the punchline, introducing the habit of cutting off mid-sentence.

Next, "¡De mi frase!" – "Of my sentence!" This might be a repetition or emphasis, reinforcing the action of cutting off the sentence.

Then, "Digo, pues el otro día cuando...¡Cronk!Y cuelgo." – "I say, so the other day when... Cronk! And I hang up." Here, the "Cronk" sound effect is likely the punchline, with the sudden hang-up as the comedic element.

Finally, "Y llamo a los 15 minutos todo preocupado diciendo ¿Pero cuánto tiempo llevo hablando solo?" translates to "And I call after 15 minutes all worried saying, 'But how long have I been talking alone?'" This is the punchline, highlighting the confusion and the humor in the situation.

Looking at each line's role:

1. "¡Abrir la mente!" – Establishing context (introducing the theme).
2. "¡Soy muy fácil, soy muy fácil!" – Establishing context (setting up the speaker's nature).
3. "Yo estoy probando ej

=== Prompt 46 ===
 

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants each line classified into a specific role. Let me start by reading through the joke again to understand the flow.

First line: "he llegado a esperar hasta tres días pero luego no se acuerdan no funciona igual..." This seems like setting up a situation where someone waited three days but then the other person forgets, so it doesn't work. Maybe this is establishing context or setup.

Next line: "bueno, hay que abrir la mente siempre que podáis abrir la mente todo lo que podáis siempre..." Here, the speaker is talking about opening one's mind as much as possible. This could be the setup for the joke, introducing the concept of opening the mind.

Third line: "cuando crees que ya has abierto suficiente hay que abrir más la mente..." This is escalating the idea, suggesting that even when you think you've opened your mind enough, you should open it more. Maybe escalation here.

Fourth line: "pero yo entiendo que todos tenemos nuestros propios límites y tú abres la mente hasta que llegas a tus propios límites de tiquismiquismo." Now, this introduces a contrast, mentioning personal limits and "tiquismiquismo," which I think is a Spanish term for nitpicking or being overly meticulous. This might be a subversion or a twist, pointing out that there are limits.

Next line: "Y tú dices,no,yo abro mogollón la mente,pero esto no." Here, the speaker is responding to someone else's claim of opening their mind a lot, but it's not working. This could be a callback or a punchline, but maybe it's part of the escalation or setup.

Then: "Y yo cuando me encuentro en esas situaciones me siento mal." This line shows the speaker's reaction, feeling bad in such situations. This might be the punchline or a wrap-up, indicating the consequence of not being able to open the mind enough.

Now, let me check if I missed any lines. The original joke has several lines, and I need to assign each label. Let me go through each line again:

1. "he llegado a esperar hasta tres días pero luego no se acuerdan no funciona igual..." – Establishing context (setting up the situation of waiting and forgetting).
2. "bueno, hay que abrir la mente siempre que pod

=== Prompt 47 ===
 Please put the answer in the specified format. Please don't use any markdown.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context","setup","escalation","escalation","escalation","escalation","escalation","escalation","escalation","subversion","callback","meta-humor","punchline","redirection","non-line","wrap-up","repetition"]}

=== Prompt 48 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, so the labels should be in Spanish as well. 

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke and identify each part's role. The user provided a Spanish joke and wants each line labeled with specific roles. The labels are in Spanish, so I need to make sure I use the correct terms.

Starting with the first line: "Bueno, pues estaba yo paseando por la gavia, tranquilamente." This seems like the setup, introducing the situation. So maybe "establishing context" is the label here.

Next line: "Y de repente me encuentro en uno de los pasillos unas chinas con unos acuarios con pececillos ahí en medio..." This introduces the unexpected situation, so "setup" might be appropriate here. Wait, but setup is usually the part that leads to the punchline. Maybe "escalation" if it's building up the scenario. Hmm.

Then: "...y la peña pagando por meter los pies un rato ahí para que los pececitos les coman los pellejitos y las cosas y tal..." This is explaining the action, so maybe "escalation" as it's building on the previous line.

Next line: "...y luego sale, se seca y viene otra persona y mete ahí en el mismo sitio los peces..." This is a twist, so maybe "subversion" or "escalation" again. It's showing the repetition of the action, leading to the problem.

Then: "...y yo me quedo mirando eso y digo ¿soy yo el tiquismiquis? ¿o esto es una guarrería?" This is the punchline, where the speaker questions the situation. So "punchline" or "callback"? Wait, the punchline is the point where the joke is revealed. Maybe "punchline" here.

Next line: "...porque ya no te digo, o sea peces aparte, meter los pies en un recipiente con agua que no sabes cada cuánto cambian el agua..." This is explaining the problem, so "escalation" or "misdirection"? It's providing more context about the hygiene issue.

Then: "...ni cada cuántos pies, ni dónde han estado esos pies." More details on the issue, so "escalation" again.

Next: "...Me crea muchas incertidumbres higién

=== Prompt 49 ===
 Also, break down the joke into its parts and explain the humor in each part.
Okay, let's tackle this joke. First, I need to understand the structure and the humor elements. The joke is in Spanish, so I'll need to parse each line carefully. 

Starting with the first line: "Hay veces es más violento cuando es en una situación íntima..." The setup here is introducing a situation that's intimate and possibly tense. The mention of "violento" (violent) in an intimate context sets up a contrast, which is a classic setup for humor.

Next line: "...la primera noche que me acuesto con ella... y de repente en medio de todo el fulgor me saca de la nada un bote de lubricante y está por la mitad." This is the escalation. The speaker is in a romantic or intimate moment, and suddenly a lubricant bottle appears, half-empty. The unexpected presence of the lubricant introduces a problem, which escalates the situation. The humor here is the sudden disruption of the intimate moment with an awkward object.

Then: "Digo, ¿soy yo el tiquismiquis? O esto, no sé, es una falta..." The speaker questions if they're being too particular (tiquismiquis) or if there's a mistake. This is the setup for the punchline, where the speaker is trying to figure out the issue, leading to the next part.

Next line: "Yo no quiero estar toda la noche pensando en qué ha gastado el resto del bote,¿sabes?" The speaker is concerned about the lubricant being used up, which is a humorous way of expressing anxiety about the situation. This is part of the escalation, showing the growing problem.

Then: "Yo quiero estar centrado en lo mío, ¿no?" The speaker wants to focus on the intimate moment, which is a bit of a misdirection. The humor comes from the speaker's focus on the lubricant rather than the actual intimacy, highlighting their neuroticism.

Next: "A mejor soy yo el tiquismiquis, pero yo quiero ver el precinto." Here, the speaker admits to being the problem (tiquismiquis) but insists on checking the seal. This is a subversion because the speaker is shifting blame to themselves but still wants to check the seal, which is a funny contradiction.

The line "En estos casos, yo quiero ver el precinto." Repeats the desire to

=== Prompt 50 ===
 I need to label each line of the joke. Please make sure that the labels are assigned correctly. Let me know if you need clarification on any part.
Okay, let's tackle this joke labeling task. First, I need to understand each part of the joke and determine its role. The joke is in Spanish, so I'll need to parse each line carefully.

Starting with the first line: "La siguiente canción es sobre un perro, ¿entendido?" This seems like an introduction, setting up that the following is a song about a dog. So maybe "establishing context" here.

Next line: "Yo tengo un perro que es un cabrón, porque no viene, porque está muerto." The speaker mentions having a dog that's a jerk because it doesn't come, and it's dead. This introduces the main situation, so "setup" makes sense here.

Third line: "No he superado la muerte del perro, dicen que estoy mal, porque cada tarde bajo al parque a pasear a una maleta con ruedasas con el cadáver del perro." This is expanding on the emotional impact, showing the speaker's struggle. Maybe "escalation" as it's building up the problem.

Fourth line: "No puedo conciliar el sueño." This is another escalation, showing the effect of the dog's death on the speaker's sleep. So "escalation" again.

Fifth line: "No quiero comer solo como perritos cuando pienso en él." Here, the speaker's behavior changes, avoiding eating alone. Still part of the escalation, maybe. Or could it be "misdirection"? Wait, the line mentions eating like puppies, which might be a shift. Hmm.

Next line: "Porque el perrito es el mejor amigo del hambre." This seems like a twist. The dog is the best friend of hunger, which is a play on words. Maybe "subversion" because it's turning the previous statement around.

Then: "Porque nunca vienes,antes tampoco venías,tenía un perro pero murió,dice la autopsia que no sufrió porque era de peluche." This line reveals the dog was a stuffed animal, which is the punchline. So "punchline" here.

Wait, but the line is a bit long. Let me break it down. The speaker says the dog never came, and the autopsies show it was a

=== Prompt 51 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but the classification should be in English. The joke is a traditional Spanish joke, so the labels should be the same as in traditional Spanish jokes.
Okay, let me try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the joke's structure and the role of each part. The joke is in Spanish, but the classification is in English, so I'll focus on the structure rather than the language.

Starting with the first line: "Tienes que sentar cabeza y antes de tener niños, evidentemente, lo que tienes que hacer es casarse, ¿no?" This seems like setting up the context. The speaker is talking about getting married before having kids, which is a common topic. So this might be "establishing context."

Next line: "Te tienes que casar." This is a direct statement reinforcing the need to get married. Maybe "setup" since it's building towards the punchline.

Third line: "Pero claro, vamos a ver, si lo de casarse está bien, pero hay determinadas cosas que son mentiras." Here, the speaker introduces a contrast, suggesting that while marriage is good, there are lies involved. This could be "misdirection" or "setup," but since it's introducing a twist, maybe "setup" as it's leading into the punchline.

Fourth line: "Yo tenía amigos que te decían, oye, cuando te cases, vas a estar todos los días ahí, dale que te pego todas las noches, pum, pum, ta, ta." This is an example of what the friends said about marriage, which is a specific instance. This might be "escalation" as it's expanding on the previous point.

Fifth line: "Que yo estaba contento y confiado, que yo el día de mi boda dije, oye, mira, a partir de mañana, no, me la pelo más." The speaker was confident, thinking they'd handle marriage better. This is part of the setup, maybe "setup" or "escalation."

Next line: "Tampoco menos,no vamos a ser radicales,que yo a lo mío,lo que pueda,¿eh?" The speaker is being nonchalant, saying they'll do their own thing. This could be "escalation" as it's building up to the punchline.

Then: "Sí, ahí a lo mío." Repeating the

=== Prompt 52 ===
 To classify the lines of the joke, I'll analyze each line's function in the comedic structure:

1. "De eso nadie te habla." - Establishing context (introducing the topic)
2. "Porque eso luego aburre." - Setup (explaining why the topic is boring)
3. "Todas las noches lo mismo." - Escalation (building up the repetition)
4. "Todas las noches lo mismo, un aburrimiento, claro." - Repetition (repeating the same idea for emphasis)
5. "Yo ya no tengo imaginación para tantas cosas." - Escalation (showing the consequences)
6. "Que a mí me ha llegado a pasar que haciendo el cariño con mi mujer me imaginaba que me la estaba pelando." - Setup (introducing a specific example)
7. "Y digo, aquí hay algo que falla." - Punchline (delivering the final humorous point)

The joke uses repetition to emphasize the boredom, then introduces a specific example to build up to the punchline about the flaw in the situation.

{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "repetition", "escalation", "setup", "punchline"]}

=== Prompt 53 ===
 The joke has 5 lines. The first line is "Empezamos a tener un problema, pero ah, claro, como ahora mi mujer es ahora moderna y empieza a leer esos libros de literatura erótica que molan tanto...". The second line is "que yo no sé nada de esto porque yo soy un alma cándida...yo la postura del perrito pensaba que era igual pero ladrando,digo,mira qué gracioso." The third line is "...que yo no sé nada de esto porque yo soy un alma cándida...yo la postura del perrito pensaba que era igual pero ladrando,digo,mira qué gracioso." The fourth line is "que yo no sé nada de esto porque yo soy un alma cándida...yo la postura del perrito pensaba que era igual pero ladrando,digo,mira qué gracioso." The fifth line is "END OF JOKE." 

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke. The user provided a multi-line joke with five lines, and I need to label each line with the appropriate role from the given list. Let me start by breaking down each line.

The first line is: "Empezamos a tener un problema, pero ah, claro, como ahora mi mujer es ahora moderna y empieza a leer esos libros de literatura erótica que molan tanto...". This seems like the setup. It introduces the problem, mentioning the wife reading erotic literature, which sets the context for the joke. So maybe this is the "establishing context" or "setup". But the setup usually introduces the situation, so "establishing context" might fit here.

The second line is: "que yo no sé nada de esto porque yo soy un alma cándida...yo la postura del perrito pensaba que era igual pero ladrando,digo,mira qué gracioso." This line continues the setup, explaining the speaker's ignorance and comparing himself to a dog. It's part of the setup, perhaps. But maybe there's a twist here. The mention of the dog's posture and barking might be a setup for the punchline. Wait, the third and fourth lines are the same as the second line. That's confusing. Let me check again. The third line is the same as the second line. The fourth line is also the same. The fifth line is "END

=== Prompt 54 ===
 Please make sure to provide the exact labels and no other text.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the joke's structure and identify each line's role. The user provided the joke in Spanish, so I'll need to parse it carefully.

Starting with the first line: "O sea, yo, no, o sea, yo, no, de verdad te lo digo en serio, pero mi mujer, claro, leyendo pues a mí como que me deja un poco impactado con el asunto." This seems like the setup. The speaker is trying to explain a situation, using "o sea" (which means "like" or "so") multiple times, indicating hesitation or emphasis. The mention of his wife reading him and being impacted sets up the context. So this is likely "establishing context."

Next line: "Porque claro, ahora resulta que lo quiero hacer pero todas las noches, pero con un frenesí y una locura, jolín, que es que a mí me tiene seco." Here, the speaker explains that he wants to do something (probably sexual) but it's causing him to be dry or not working. The "frenesí y una locura" adds to the escalation of the problem. This might be "escalation" as it builds on the initial context.

Third line: "O sea, yo por las noches me hago el dormido." The speaker says he pretends to sleep at night. This is a specific action he takes, which could be part of the setup or escalation. Maybe "escalation" again, showing the problem's persistence.

Fourth line: "O sea, es una locura." Reiterating the craziness of the situation. This is a repetition of the earlier "locura" mention, so "repetition" might fit here.

Fifth line: "Que yo veo llegar a mi mujer la polla,se me mete para adentro y digo,déjame un poco,que necesito espacio." This is the punchline where the speaker describes the situation getting worse. The mention of the wife's "polla" (penis) and him needing space is a humorous twist. This is likely the "punchline."

Next line: "¿Eh? No, no, es que ahora antes de hacerlo hay que jugar." The speaker corrects himself, adding that now they have to play before doing it. This

=== Prompt 55 ===
 You should use the following labels: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Please put your final answer within \boxed{}.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the joke and then figure out each line's role. The joke starts with someone asking if they should play a game, and then it goes into talking about different sexual practices, like "hormiga caliente" which is translated as pubic lice. There's mention of fluorescent condoms and some funny reactions to them. The person ends up saying they'd give a ticket if they used a condom, which is a punchline.

So breaking it down line by line:

1. "Y digo, ¿hay que jugar? ¿A jugar a qué? ¿Tú has visto cómo estoy?" – This seems like setting up the conversation, maybe the context. So "establishing context".

2. "Coge el micro y jugamos a tú si que vale." – This is the setup for the joke, introducing the idea of playing a game. Maybe "setup".

3. "¿Yo qué quieres que te diga?" – This is a non-linear part, maybe a non-line or part of the setup.

4. "Pues no se refiere a eso, efectivamente." – This could be a redirection, leading away from the initial question.

5. "Prácticas sexuales nuevas, como por ejemplo lo de la hormiga caliente." – Introducing the topic of sexual practices, so "escalation" as it's moving into the main joke.

6. "Hay una práctica sexual que se llama la hormiga caliente, que ha llegado un iluminado que ha dicho, pues esto es coger unos bichitos y te los pones en los genitales..." – Explaining the practice, which is part of the setup for the punchline. Maybe "setup" or "escalation".

7. "Digo, ¿y eso es la hormiga caliente?" – This is a question, maybe "misdirection" or part of the escalation.

8. "O sea,eso es lo que se ha llamado en mi pueblo todavía pediculosis pubis." – Clarifying the term, which is a subversion of the expected meaning. So "subversion".

9. "Y digo, ¿me vas a amigantar?" – Int

=== Prompt 56 ===
 Make sure to use the exact labels as listed. I will give you the joke again:

Ay, amigos, me vais a disculpar que esté un poquitito faltón, ¿vale?
Es que llevo sin follar tres horas.
Bueno,eso canción siete meses en largo tiempo de heterosexual. END OF JOKE.

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The first line is "Ay, amigos, me vais a disculpar que esté un poquitito faltón, ¿vale?" The speaker is apologizing for being a bit "faltón," which I think translates to "lacking" or "not up to par." This sets the scene by establishing the speaker's current state, so that's probably establishing context.

Next line: "Es que llevo sin follar tres horas." Here, the speaker explains they haven't had sex in three hours. This is the setup for the joke, explaining why they're feeling off. So setup.

Third line: "Bueno,eso canción siete meses en largo tiempo de heterosexual." Wait, "canción" is Spanish for song, but that doesn't make sense here. Maybe it's a typo? Perhaps they meant "cuestión" (question) or "cuestión" (issue)? If it's a typo and they meant "cuestión," then the line would be "Bueno, eso es una cuestión de siete meses en largo tiempo de heterosexual." That would mean "Well, that's a matter of seven months of long time of heterosexual." But that still doesn't make much sense. Alternatively, maybe it's a play on words. The original joke might be in Spanish, so maybe "canción" is intentional. Maybe the joke is that the speaker hasn't had sex in three hours, but then says it's been seven months of being heterosexual. Wait, that's a contradiction. So the setup is that they haven't had sex in three hours, but then the punchline is that they've been heterosexual for seven months. That's a twist. So the third line is the punchline. But the original line has "canción" instead of "cuestión." Maybe it's a typo, but assuming the intended word is "cuestión," then the punchline is the third line. So the third line is the punchline. 

Wait, the original line is "Bueno,eso

=== Prompt 57 ===
 The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition.
Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants each line classified into specific roles. Let me start by understanding the joke structure.

First line: "Sí, amigos, por si no os habíais dado cuenta todavía, pues he venido a darle el toque fucsia a la noche." This seems like the setup. The speaker is addressing the audience, mentioning they're coming to add a fuchsia touch to the night. It's setting the scene, so maybe "establishing context" or "setup". But "setup" is more about introducing the premise, so maybe setup.

Second line: "Rosa oscuro para los hombres heterosexuales." This introduces a color (dark pink) for heterosexual men. It's part of the setup, explaining the colors, so maybe "setup" again. But wait, maybe it's part of the escalation? Not sure yet.

Third line: "Magenta para el informático." Here, magenta is assigned to a computer guy. This seems like building up the joke, so "escalation" because it's adding more elements to the setup.

Fourth line: "Sí, soy gay." This is a direct statement. It's a twist, so maybe "subversion" because it's turning the previous statements around. The initial colors were for heterosexual men and a computer guy, but now the speaker is gay, which subverts the expectation.

Fifth line: "¿Escucháis?" This is a question, maybe "timing" as it's a pause or cue for the punchline. Or "misdirection"? Not sure yet.

Sixth line: "Es el sonido que hacen 65 vaginas relajándose a la vez." This is the punchline, using a shocking image to subvert the previous color assignments. So "punchline" and "subversion" perhaps. Wait, the punchline is the final line, so that's the punchline. The subversion might be the earlier line where the speaker says they're gay, which changes the context.

Wait, the structure is: the speaker starts with colors (setup), then states they're gay (subversion), then the punchline about the sound. So the punchline is the last line. Let me check again.

The lines:



=== Prompt 58 ===
 The joke has 3 lines. The first line is the question, the second line is the answer, and the third line is the closing. So, the first line is establishing context, the second line is the punchline, and the third line is wrap-up. But the second line is actually a subversion, because it's a twist. So the labels would be: establishing context, subversion, wrap-up.
Okay, let's break down this joke step by step. The user provided a joke in Spanish, and I need to classify each line into specific roles. Let me start by understanding the joke's structure.

The first line is "Que si os hablaran, ¿qué dirían?" which translates to "What would you say if I told you?" This seems like it's setting up a scenario or a question, so I think this is establishing context. It's introducing the situation where someone is about to speak, and the listener is being asked what they would say.

The second line is "Que ha dicho que es maricona y mira, nena, yo me voy a dormir." Translating this, it's like "He said he's a maricona (slang for gay) and look, baby, I'm going to sleep." This part is the answer to the initial question. But here's where it gets tricky. The initial question was about what they would say if told something, but the answer seems to be a sudden twist. The use of "maricona" is a slur, and then the speaker says they're going to sleep. This seems like a subversion because it's a sudden twist that changes the expected direction of the joke. Instead of a normal response, it's a shock or unexpected statement, which is a classic setup for a punchline. Wait, but the user mentioned that the second line is a subversion. However, in some cases, the punchline is the twist. Let me think again. The first line is the setup, the second line is the punchline, but the user says it's a subversion. Maybe the subversion is the twist here, making it a subversion. So the second line is the punchline, but the user's initial thought was that it's a subversion. Wait, the user's example says that the second line is subversion, but in standard joke structure, the punchline is the twist. Maybe in this case, the setup is the first line, the subversion is the second line

=== Prompt 59 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but you can classify it regardless of the language.
Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the joke's structure and the role of each part. The joke is in Spanish, but the classification is about the role of each line regardless of the language. 

Starting with the first line: "Sí, porque por lo que me cuentan mis amigas heterosexuales, la vagina debe ser como la típica sindicalista encabronada, valga la redundancia..." This seems like setting up a comparison. The speaker is talking about what friends have told him about vaginas, comparing them to a grumpy unionist. So this is probably the **establishing context** because it introduces the topic and the analogy.

Next line: "...que después de una noche de conversaciones insufribles, cuando le llega su momento de lucirse en la intimidad, acaba su vida en un palco viendo entrar y salir ese minifuet." This is elaborating on the analogy, describing the scenario where the "vagina" (as the unionist) is in a bad situation. This might be **setup** because it's building up to the punchline, but maybe **escalation** as it's adding more to the scenario. Wait, the setup is usually the part that sets up the expectation. Maybe this is part of the setup. Alternatively, maybe **escalation** because it's expanding on the initial comparison.

Third line: "En plan de, hola, ¿qué tal?" This seems like a dialogue that's part of the scenario. Maybe **misdirection** or **setup**? It's part of the conversation between characters. Wait, the lines after that are a dialogue between two people. Maybe this is part of the **setup** or **escalation** as it's part of the scenario being described.

Then: "Sí, Javi, ¿qué grande es esto, esto, esto?" This is part of the dialogue, perhaps the person is reacting to the situation. Maybe **escalation** because it's showing the progression of the situation.

Next: "Y la otra como, bueno, cuestión de perspectiva, ¿no?" This is another line of dialogue, maybe **misdirection** or **escalation**. It's the other person's response, trying to downplay the situation. Maybe **misdirection** as it's

=== Prompt 60 ===
 

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to break down each line of the joke and figure out its role. The user provided a Spanish joke, so I'll need to parse each line carefully.

Starting with the first line: "Otra cosa por la que vengo a quejarme, las tablets, ¿vale?" That seems like the setup, introducing the complaint about tablets. So maybe "establishing context" here.

Next line: "Los controlados que nos tienen para vendernos todo." This is probably setting up the problem, explaining why the tablets are a problem. Maybe "setup" or "establishing context." Wait, the first line is the setup, so this might be part of the setup.

Then, "Hace poco, os pongo un ejemplo, hace poco me pongo en el iPad a buscar un viaje a Egipto." This is giving an example, so "establishing context" again, or maybe "setup" as part of the setup. But I think "establishing context" is more about setting the scene, while setup is building up to the punchline. Maybe this is part of the setup.

Continuing: "Algún día quiero ir, todos queremos ir algún día a un viaje a Egipto, ¿no?" This is the audience's reaction, maybe "misdirection" or part of the setup. Wait, the speaker is talking about their own desire, so maybe "setup" as part of the setup.

Next line: "Y quiero saber cuánto vale, no tengo ni idea." This is the problem they're facing, so part of the setup. Maybe "setup" again.

Then: "Me pongo a mirar los precios para saber lo que tengo que ahorrar." More setup, explaining the action taken.

"Total, miro los precios, digo, vale, ya está. Ya sé lo que tengo que ahorrar para irme a Egipto. Venga, me olvido." Here, the speaker thinks they have the answer, so this is the setup leading to the punchline. Maybe "setup" or "escalation."

Next line: "No te olvides, ¿eh?" This is a reminder, perhaps part of the setup or a callback. Wait, maybe it's a setup for the next part where the ads start appearing.

Then: "A partir de ese momento, cada vez que navegues en cualquier página web en esa tablet, casualmente en todos

=== Prompt 61 ===
 The joke has 5 lines. The first line is: "Es que, para colmo, comparto la tablet con mi mujer, buscamos las dos cosas para comprarnos cosas, o sea,"

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants each line labeled with its role in the joke structure. Let me start by understanding the joke.

First line: "Es que, para colmo, comparto la tablet con mi mujer, buscamos las dos cosas para comprarnos cosas, o sea," – This seems like setting up the situation. The speaker is talking about sharing a tablet with his wife and buying things together. Maybe establishing context or setup?

Second line: "Y yo hace poco,no sé cómo lo hice,pero acabé de vacaciones en Cuenca con una tabla de surf y con unos zapatos Primer Estado tacón buenísimos,¿sabes?" – This is a bit confusing. The person talks about going on vacation to Cuenca with a surfboard and nice shoes. It seems like a random event, maybe a non-sequitur. Could this be misdirection or a setup for something else?

Third line: "Es acojonante, tío." – This is an exclamation, probably expressing surprise or shock. Maybe a setup for the punchline?

Fourth line: "Pero bueno, me estoy dando cuenta con esto de la crisis que no me voy a poder ir a Egipto en avión." – This line introduces the crisis and the realization that the person can't go to Egypt by plane. This seems like the punchline or the subversion of the previous events.

Fifth line: "END OF JOKE." – This is the wrap-up, signaling the end of the joke.

Wait, but the original joke might have a twist. The first part talks about sharing a tablet and buying things, then the vacation with a surfboard and shoes. Then the punchline about not being able to go to Egypt due to the crisis. The setup might be the first line, the escalation could be the vacation, and then the subversion is the crisis leading to not going to Egypt. But the lines are a bit fragmented. Let me check again.

The first line is establishing context (sharing tablet, buying things). The second line is a non-sequitur (vacation with surfboard and shoes), which might be misdirection. The third line is an exclamation (acojonante), maybe setup

=== Prompt 62 ===
 I need to classify each line of the joke provided. Let's start by breaking down the joke line by line.

The first line is "Me voy a tener que ir en BlaBlaCar." This is the beginning of the joke, introducing the situation. It sets the stage for the joke, so I would classify this as establishing context.

The second line is "¿Sabéis lo que es BlaBlaCar?" This is asking the audience if they know what BlaBlaCar is. It's setting up the joke by introducing the concept, so this would be the setup.

The third line is "Para el que no lo sepa, consiste en viajar en tu coche con alguien que no conoces absolutamente de nada." This line explains what BlaBlaCar is, providing more context and elaborating on the setup. This would be considered as escalation since it's expanding on the setup.

The fourth line is "Para poner un ejemplo más práctico, es, por ejemplo, si, imaginaos que Enrique Iglesias un día viajara en su coche con su capellán militar, ¿no?" This line provides an example, which is a specific instance to illustrate the joke. This is a form of escalation as it's giving a more concrete example to build upon the setup.

The fifth line is "En fin. Este también me gusta mucho." This line seems to be a conclusion or a personal opinion, indicating that the speaker likes the joke. This would be classified as a wrap-up since it's concluding the joke and expressing a personal sentiment.

Now, I need to ensure that each line is classified correctly. The first line establishes the context, the second line is the setup, the third line escalates the context, the fourth line escalates further with an example, and the fifth line wraps up the joke. The rest of the lines are part of the joke, so they should be classified accordingly.

I should also check if there are any other labels that might apply, such as misdirection or callback. However, in this case, the joke doesn't have a clear callback or misdirection. The example provided is straightforward, and the conclusion is a wrap-up. Therefore, the classification should be as follows.
Okay, let's break down the joke line by line and assign the appropriate labels.

1. "Me voy a tener que ir en BlaBlaCar."  
   - This is the opening line introducing the situation. It sets the context for the

=== Prompt 63 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. The joke has 10 lines. Here is the joke again, line by line:

1. Bueno, pues, ¿no viajas? Yo viajo mucho con esto de los monólogos y claro, a veces viene gente conmigo, mola más ir acompañado.
2. Viaja contigo gente de todas las edades.
3. Hace poco viajó conmigo una mujer aorable de 70 años que no sé cómo lo hizo pero acabó ese viaje convenciéndome de que me comprara una máquina de coser.
4. Y me hice acordarme de esa máquina de coser que todavía está en casa de mi abuela, ¿vale? esa máquina de coser, marca Singer, Alfa, Sigma.
5. ¿Sabéis cuándo os lo digo? 
6. 
7. 
8. 
9. 
10. END OF JOKE.

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke. The user provided a Spanish joke with 10 lines, but lines 5-10 are empty except for the END OF JOKE. Wait, maybe line 5 is the punchline, and lines 6-10 are just placeholders or errors? Let me check again.

The original joke lines are:

1. Bueno, pues, ¿no viajas? Yo viajo mucho con esto de los monólogos y claro, a veces viene gente conmigo, mola más ir acompañado.
2. Viaja contigo gente de todas las edades.
3. Hace poco viajó conmigo una mujer aorable de 70 años que no sé cómo lo hizo pero acabó ese viaje convenciéndome de que me comprara una máquina de coser.
4. Y me hice acordarme de esa máquina de coser que todavía está en casa de mi abuela, ¿vale? esa máquina de coser, marca Singer, Alfa, Sigma.
5. ¿Sabéis cuándo os lo digo? 
6. 
7. 
8. 
9. 
10. END OF JOKE.



=== Prompt 64 ===
 I need to classify each line of the joke into the specified labels. The joke is in Spanish, but I'll work with the translation provided. Let me break down the joke line by line.

Line 1: "Yo de pequeño lo veía en casa de mi abuela, no sabía lo que era." - This line sets the scene, introducing the speaker's childhood experience at his grandmother's house and the lack of knowledge about something. It's establishing context.

Line 2: "Yo me dedicaba a coger el pedal ese que tenía y empezaba ahí, taca, taca..." - This line introduces the action the speaker took, which is the main setup for the joke. It's the setup.

Line 3: "Que a la media h no había cosido nada pero me había hecho una paja en el gemelo que me había quedado como el de Roberto Carlos." - This line escalates the situation by showing the result of the action, leading up to the punchline. It's escalation.

Line 4: "Gracias por ver el video." - This line is a callback, referencing the video mentioned in the joke, which is a common structure in jokes to wrap up or redirect. However, since the joke is about a video, this line might be a callback or a redirection. Given the context, it's a callback to the video mentioned earlier. However, considering the structure of the joke, it might be a wrap-up. But given that the punchline is the injury, this might be a redirection. Alternatively, it could be a misdirection. However, since the speaker is thanking for watching the video, it's likely a callback. But I need to consider the structure. The punchline is the injury, and the last line is a thank you, which is a common way to end a video, so it's a wrap-up.

Now, considering all lines again:

Line 1: Establishing context
Line 2: Setup
Line 3: Escalation
Line 4: Wrap-up

Alternatively, line 4 could be a redirection or a callback. But since it's a thank you, it's more likely a wrap-up. The punchline is the injury, which is in line 3. So line 3 is the punchline. Wait, no. The punchline is the injury, which is in line 3. The last line is a thank you, which is a wrap-up. So the labels would be:

Line

=== Prompt 65 ===
 The joke is in Spanish. Please make sure to classify the Spanish lines correctly. Also, the joke is from a Spanish-speaking comedian, so it's possible that the humor is based on cultural references. Please make the classification as accurately as possible.

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the joke and then break down each line to assign the correct label. The joke is in Spanish, so I need to be careful with the nuances.

Starting with the first line: "Porque a mi madre le llevara lo que llevara, siempre me decía lo mismo\nOtra cosa más pa' limpiar". This seems to set up a recurring situation where the mother always says "another thing to clean." So this is probably establishing context. The mother's obsession with cleaning is introduced here.

Next line: "También, os lo hacía". This might be part of the setup, expanding on the mother's behavior. Then the line "Mira mamá, te quiero mucho, pero que hija puta, eh" introduces a conflict or emotional moment. This could be the setup for the punchline, maybe a callback to the mother's cleaning obsession.

The line "Un mes rascando un espejo por detrás, otra cosa más pa' limpiar" continues the context, showing the mother's cleaning obsession. Then "Mi madre además, obsesionada con la limpieza" reinforces the context again. 

The part about the tapiz (tapestry) and the "petit pois" reference might be a cultural reference or a misdirection. The speaker mentions making a tapestry, which is a school project, but the mother's reaction is to clean it. This could be a setup for the punchline, maybe a callback to the cleaning theme.

When the speaker says "Bueno, que yo empecé a hacer un pasto en alemán cuando diría vuelta a que yo era un gremlin", this seems like a non-linear or confusing part. Maybe misdirection or a redirection. The mention of "gremlin" could be a cultural reference or a joke in itself, but it's unclear. 

The line "Bueno, que se lo llevo a mi madre y me dice mi madre, otra cosa más para limpiar" is a repetition of the earlier context, so maybe repetition. Then the speaker says "Digo,pues límpialo en seco porque como la mojes la iamos,mamá

=== Prompt 66 ===
 The joke is as follows:

Pues como te lo cuento, con 11 años hacía tapices, mi madre, otra cosa más para limpiar.
Con 12 años hacía portalápices, mi madre, otra cosa más para limpiar.
Con 13 años me hacía pajas.
Me pillo un día mi madre cascándomela en la cama y me dice que están las sábanas pegadas, ¿qué es esto?
Digo,pues tu regalo del día a la madre.
Porque ¡Hombre! END OF JOKE.

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants each line classified into specific roles. Let me start by understanding the joke's structure.

First line: "Pues como te lo cuento, con 11 años hacía tapices, mi madre, otra cosa más para limpiar." This seems like setting up the context. The speaker is introducing their age and the activities they did for their mother, which are cleaning-related. So this is probably "establishing context."

Next line: "Con 12 años hacía portalápices, mi madre, otra cosa más para limpiar." This continues the context, showing progression in age and the same cleaning-related tasks. So this is also "establishing context."

Third line: "Con 13 años me hacía pajas." Now, "pajas" here might be a play on words. In Spanish, "paja" can mean "straw" or "chaff," but in some contexts, it can be slang. However, the speaker is saying they were making "pajas" for their mother. But the previous lines were about making things for cleaning. This might be a setup for the punchline, so maybe "setup" or "escalation."

Fourth line: "Me pillo un día mi madre cascándomela en la cama y me dice que están las sábanas pegadas, ¿qué es esto?" The mother catches the speaker doing something (cascándomela, which could mean "giving her a spanking" or "spanking her"), and the sheets are stuck together. This seems like a situation that leads to the punchline. This could be "escalation" or "setup."

Fifth line: "Digo,pues tu regalo del día a la madre." The speaker responds with "your Mother's Day gift," implying that the spanking was a gift

=== Prompt 67 ===
 The joke has 12 lines. Let me know if you need the original joke in Spanish to analyze. The joke has 12 lines. Let me know if you need the original joke in Spanish to analyze.

Okay, let me try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the joke's structure and the role of each part. The user provided the joke in Spanish, and they want each line labeled with specific roles like setup, punchline, etc.

Starting with the first line: "Yo vengo de esta mierda, ¿vale?" That seems like an opening line, maybe establishing context. The speaker is introducing a problem or situation they're coming out of. So maybe "establishing context."

Next line: "Lo que pasa es que, bueno, he tenido suerte en otras cosas." This is explaining that they've had luck in other areas, which could be setting up the contrast or the setup for the joke. Maybe "setup."

Third line: "Mi novia me ha ayudado a salirme de esto un poco." Here, the speaker mentions their girlfriend helping them. This introduces a character (the girlfriend) and her role, which is part of the setup. So "setup" again?

Fourth line: "Ella es un gran apoyo." This reinforces the girlfriend's support, so still part of the setup, building up the situation. Maybe "setup."

Fifth line: "Tiene un problemilla, que es un poco ñoñas, ¿vale?" Now, introducing a problem with the girlfriend, which is a twist. This could be "misdirection" or "escalation." Wait, the problem is that she's a bit childish. Maybe "escalation" as it's introducing a new element.

Sixth line: "A ella le encanta que la llame Princesa Luna." Here, the speaker mentions a nickname she likes, which is part of the setup for the joke. So maybe "setup" again, but maybe "misdirection" if it's leading towards the punchline.

Seventh line: "Ya sé, es muy ñoñas, ya lo sé." The speaker acknowledges her being childish, which might be a setup for the punchline. Maybe "setup" or "escalation."

Eighth line: "Lo que no sabe ella es que ese WhatsApp se lo mandé de madrugada para recordar el cruce de calles donde había aparcado el co

=== Prompt 68 ===
 Please separate each label with a comma and space.
Okay, let's break down this joke step by step. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke and identify each part's role. The user provided a joke in Spanish, so I'll need to parse it carefully.

Starting with the first line: "Bien, ella está muy preocupada ahora porque tiene una amiga que lo acaba de dejar con el novio, siete años después, porque acaba de descubrir que el novio es gay." This sets up the situation. The main character is worried because her friend left her boyfriend after seven years because the boyfriend is gay. So this is establishing the context of the problem.

Next line: "Y lo ha descubierto de la siguiente manera." This is introducing how the discovery happened, so it's part of the setup. The setup is leading into the method of discovery.

Then: "Ella fue al lavabo, después de él, él acababa de cagar, y ahí encontró un zurullo de mierda, con forma de pene y testículos, perfectamente formado." This is the actual discovery. The woman finds a fecal matter shaped like a penis and testicles. This is the setup for the punchline, so maybe setup here, but it's also part of the escalation as it's building up to the joke.

Next: "Le entraba todo,por lo visto." This seems like it's explaining that the shape was formed because of something. Maybe this is part of the escalation or setup, but it's also hinting at the cause, which is the next part.

Then: "Por favor, si vais a prestar atención en algún momento del monólogo, que sea aquí porque hay un poquito de ciencia, ¿vale? Gracias." This is a meta-humor element, asking the audience to pay attention because there's some science involved. So that's meta-humor.

Continuing: "Por lo visto, le habían dado tanto por culo a este señor que su cavidad anal acabó adoptando forma de pene y testículos..." Here, the punchline is revealed. The man's anal cavity has taken the shape of a penis and testicles because of excessive anal sex. This is the punchline, so that's the punchline label.

Then: "...y dewd que esto se formó,cada vez que iba a cagar su intestino hacía las veces de manga pastelera

=== Prompt 69 ===
 So for the joke: A: What's the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman? B: A snowwoman has a neck. END OF JOKE. The answer would be {"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "punchline"]}

=== Prompt 70 ===
 The joke is in Spanish. So the labels should be in Spanish. Also, note that the joke has a typo: "naursleza" is a typo for "naturaleza". The joke is about the hypocrisy of people who claim to love nature but don't take care of it. The punchline is the last line. The joke is structured with a setup, escalation, subversion, and punchline. The first line is a question to the audience, then the speaker talks about people who love nature and want everyone to take care of it. Then the speaker says it's the most unfair thing he's heard, then points out that people who love nature are the same as those who love animals, which the speaker finds annoying.
Okay, let me try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke. The user mentioned that the punchline is the last line, and the structure includes setup, escalation, subversion, and punchline. Let me go through each line step by step.

The first line is "Los amantes de la naturaleza." That's introducing the topic, so maybe that's establishing context. Then the next line is a question: "¿Conocéis alguno?" which is asking the audience if they know any, so that's probably part of the setup. The next line asks if they have any nearby, which might be part of the setup too, building up to the main point.

Then the speaker says, "Son estos amantes de la naturaleza, los habréis oído, que porque sí, quieren que todo el mundo cuidemos la naturaleza." This seems like the setup, explaining who these people are and their stance. The next line, "Todo el mundo, sin distinción." is reinforcing the idea that everyone should care, which is part of the setup.

The line "Todo el mundo tiene que cuidar la naturaleza, tiene que portarse bien con ella." is repeating the main point, so maybe that's part of the setup or escalation. Then the speaker says, "A mí es lo más injusto que he oído jamás." This is a shift, indicating the speaker is about to subvert the previous statements. That's probably the subversion part.

Next, "Porque ahora mismo, a hacer la prueba, si echáis un vistazo a vuestro alrededor, por lo menos vais a ver a dos personas con las que la

=== Prompt 71 ===
 The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to read through the entire joke and understand its structure. The user provided a Spanish joke, so I'll need to parse each line carefully.

The joke starts by talking about animal lovers who instead of adopting a stray dog from shelters, spend 600 euros to buy a pet to show off, like a bag or earrings. The speaker says it's foolish to do that. Then they mention meeting an animal lover in Seville during an August performance. The person is walking a husky in 40-degree heat, using sandals, and the husky looks miserable. The speaker comments on the husky's appearance and the situation. They compare this to a tronista (someone who dates both men and women) spending money on prostitutes. The question at the end asks why this happens.

Now, I need to label each line. Let's go line by line.

1. "estos amantes de los animales que en vez de adoptar un perro de los miles que tenemos abandonados en las protectoras se gastan 600 euros en una tienda por lucir una mascota igual que lucen un bolso o unos pendientes" – This introduces the main point about people adopting pets for show instead of helping strays. This is setting up the premise, so "establishing context".

2. "Me parece que hay que ser muy gilipollas para hacer eso." – The speaker's opinion, which is the setup for the joke. So "setup".

3. "El otro día me encontré con uno de los amantes de los animales en Sevilla, estuve actuando en agosto allí." – Introduces a specific instance, providing context for the example. "Establishing context".

4. "Me encontré un amante de los animales paseando un husky." – Introduces the example, which is the setup. "Setup".

5. "En Sevilla." – Adds location, which is part of the context. "Establishing context".

6. "40 grados a la sombra." – Provides specific details about the heat, escalating the situation. "Escalation".

7. "Paseando un husky." – Repeats the example, but maybe part of

=== Prompt 72 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, so the labels should be in Spanish as well. The labels are: estableciendo contexto, planteamiento, escalada, subversión, callback, mal dirección, timing, humor meta, final, redirección, no línea, cierre, repetición. The joke has 13 lines. Let me know if you need clarification. Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand each line's role in the joke structure. The joke is in Spanish, so I'll need to parse each line carefully.

Starting with the first line: "Porque con dinero, ahora a muchos les ha entrado lo que yo llamo el complejo de Tarzán." This seems like the setup, introducing the main idea about people having a Tarzan complex because of money. So maybe "planteamiento" (setup).

Next line: "No, pues yo tengo una iguana, una tarántula y una boa constrictor." The speaker is countering the previous statement, introducing their own pets. This might be "subversión" (subversion) as it contradicts the initial setup.

Third line: "Yo de verdad os juro que aprobaría una ley para que todos pudiéramos tener la mascota solo la mascota que pudiéramos cazar con nuestras propias manos" This is escalating the idea, suggesting a law to allow keeping pets that you can hunt. So "escalada" (escalation).

Fourth line: "A ver cuántos había con Boas Constrictor" The speaker is asking how many have boas, which is a specific example. This could be "repetición" (repetition) or "escalada" again, but maybe "repetición" here.

Fifth line: "Hombre,había mucha gente por la calle paseando caracoles,eso sí" Here, the speaker is contrasting boas with snails, which is a humorous twist. This might be "subversión" again or "misdirection" (mal dirección) because it shifts the focus.

Sixth line: "Pero anda que vamos a ver a poligoneros paseando pitbull, ¿eh?" This is another contrast, comparing people with pit bulls to polygoners (maybe a typo for "poligoneros" as in people who hunt with bows? Or maybe "poligoneros" as in people who have a certain type

=== Prompt 73 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English. The labels are as follows: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition.

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants each line classified into one of the given labels. The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English. Let me start by understanding the structure of the joke.

First line: "Que, bueno, después de la pandemia, ¡bep! ¡Guerra!" – This seems like the setup, introducing the context of post-pandemic and then the war. Maybe "establishing context" here?

Next line: "Vaya generación buena, ¿eh? ¡Millenials!" – This is a comment on the generation, possibly setting up the joke about Millennials. Maybe "setup" or "establishing context"?

Third line: "Han pasado muchas cosas malas este año, pero ya cuando pensábamos que no podía ir nada a peor, ¡bep! La sexta temporada de Élite." – This is escalating the situation, leading up to the punchline about the show. So "escalation".

Fourth line: "Que no levantamos cabeza, Dios mío, por favor, ¡para ya!" – Expresses frustration, which could be "escalation" or "punchline"? Not sure yet.

Fifth line: "hay gente el otro día salió como que a Paco León no le gusta él y que tuvo que pedir disculpas tal..." – This introduces a new element, maybe "misdirection" or "escalation"?

Sixth line: "a mí Élite no me parece mala serie depende como se vea,si es con la tele apagada es buena¿no?" – This seems like a subversion, contradicting the previous negative comments about the show. Maybe "subversion"?

Seventh line: "¿qué es? ¿alguien no la ha visto? ¿Alguien ha visto Elite?" – This is confusing, maybe "misdirection" or "punchline"? It's a bit unclear, but it's a question that might be a callback or a redirection.

Then "END OF JOKE." – That's the wrap-up.

Wait, the user mentioned that the labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, mis

=== Prompt 74 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English. So, I need to classify each line of the joke into one of the given labels. Let me go through each line one by one.

First line: "Pues sí. ¿La utilizas para dormir? Muy bien, guay." This seems like the setup. The speaker is agreeing and asking if something is used for sleeping, which is a bit odd. So maybe "setup".

Second line: "Tío, es que hay muchas cosas que preguntarte aquí." This is the person responding, saying there are many things to ask. It's a response to the setup, so maybe "escalation" or "establishing context". But since it's a continuation of the conversation, maybe "escalation".

Third line: "Claro, porque para dormir, una serie en la que el 90% de la gente sale en pelotas... ¡Venga a dormir!" Here, the speaker is explaining why they're using it for sleeping, referencing a show where most people are naked. This is the punchline, so "punchline".

Fourth line: "Claro,es que...En la vida,me he producido tanto para una paja." This is a follow-up, maybe a callback or a wrap-up. The person is saying they've produced a lot for a straw, which is a metaphor. This could be a "callback" or "wrap-up".

Fifth line: "END OF JOKE." This is the end, so "wrap-up".

Now, I need to make sure each line is correctly labeled. Let me check again.

First line: Setup. Second line: Escalation. Third line: Punchline. Fourth line: Callback. Fifth line: Wrap-up. Maybe the fourth line is a callback to the earlier mention of using it for sleep, or maybe it's a misdirection. Alternatively, the fourth line could be a repetition or a redirection. But since it's a follow-up, perhaps "callback".

Wait, the fourth line is the person responding to the punchline, saying they've produced a lot for a straw. It's a metaphor, so maybe it's a callback to the idea of producing for something trivial. Maybe "callback" or "misdirection". Alternatively, it could be a "repetition" if it's repeating a theme. But I think "callback" makes sense here.

So the labels would be:

Line 1: Setup

Line 

=== Prompt 75 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, so labels should be in Spanish. The joke is about a person buying a flannel shirt and eating chocolate. The labels should be in Spanish. The joke has multiple parts with some lines being non-linear. The labels should be assigned in order of the lines. The labels must be exactly one of the specified ones. The joke has a punchline, a setup, a subversion, and a callback. The joke is a multi-line joke. The joke is in Spanish. The labels should be in Spanish. The labels must be exactly one of the specified ones. The labels must be assigned in order of the lines. The joke has a punchline, a setup, a subversion, and a callback. The joke is a multi-line joke. The joke is in Spanish. The labels should be in Spanish. The labels must be exactly one of the specified ones. The labels must be assigned in order of the lines. The joke has a punchline, a setup, a subversion, and a callback. The joke is a multi-line joke. The joke is in Spanish. The labels should be in Spanish. The labels must be exactly one of the specified ones. The labels must be assigned in order of the lines. The joke has a punchline, a setup, a subversion, and a callback. The joke is a multi-line joke. The joke is in Spanish. The labels should be in Spanish. The labels must be exactly one of the specified ones. The labels must be assigned in order of the lines. The joke has a punchline, a setup, a subversion, and a callback. The joke is a multi-line joke. The joke is in Spanish. The labels should be in Spanish. The labels must be exactly one of the specified ones. The labels must be assigned in order of the lines. The joke has a punchline, a setup, a subversion, and a callback. The joke is a multi-line joke. The joke is in Spanish. The labels should be in Spanish. The labels must be exactly one of the specified ones. The labels must be assigned in order of the lines. The joke has a punchline, a setup, a subversion, and a callback. The joke is a multi-line joke. The joke is in Spanish. The labels should be in Spanish. The labels must be exactly one of the specified ones. The labels must be assigned in order of the lines. The joke has a punchline, a setup, a subversion, and a

=== Prompt 76 ===
 So the answer should be a JSON array of labels in order, each label corresponding to a line in the joke. The joke is split into lines with \n. The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English. So, the first line is "Sí que es verdad que ahora estamos en un momento en el que estamos como la revolución sexual femenina y las mujeres se masturban se masturban." This line introduces the topic of the joke, so it's establishing context. The second line is "Bueno, las mujeres nos hemos masturbado de siempre." This is a setup for the joke. The third line is "Cleopatra, por ejemplo." This is an example given to support the setup. The fourth line is "Cleopatra se masturbaba mogollón." This is escalation as it adds more detail. The fifth line is "¿Sabéis lo que hacía Cleopatra?" This is a question that sets up the punchline. The sixth line is "Cleopatra tenía unos cilindros de cuero, los llenaba de abejas, y cuando empezaban a gruñir, para adentro." This is the punchline. The seventh line is "Cleopatra, gran líder, mejor apicultora." This is a callback to the previous line. The eighth line is "END OF JOKE." This is the wrap-up. So the labels would be: establishing context, setup, example, escalation, setup, punchline, callback, wrap-up.

So the final answer would be {"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "example", "escalation", "setup", "punchline", "callback", "wrap-up"]}.

Okay, let me try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. The user provided a joke in Spanish and wants each line labeled with its role in the joke structure. The labels include things like establishing context, setup, escalation, etc. 

First, I'll break down the joke line by line. 

The first line is: "Sí que es verdad que ahora estamos en un momento en el que estamos como la revolución sexual femenina y las mujeres se masturban se masturban." This seems like it's introducing the topic. The speaker is talking about a current moment related to the feminist sexual revolution and women masturbating. So this is likely establishing context.

Next line: "Bueno, las mujeres nos hemos masturbado de siempre."

=== Prompt 77 ===
 

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants each line classified into specific roles. Let me start by understanding the joke first.

The first line is: "Cuando quería que le hicieran un culilingüe decía, Oye, nene, ¿quiere beber de la miel del éxito?" 

So, the setup here is the person wanting to give someone a "culilingüe," which is a term I think refers to a kiss on the cheek or maybe a playful term. The setup is introducing the scenario where someone is trying to get a kiss, using the phrase "Oye, nene, ¿quiere beber de la miel del éxito?" which translates to "Hey, baby, do you want to drink the honey of success?" That seems like the setup, leading into the punchline.

Next line: "A ver, que le pongo esta voz porque, bueno, Cleopatra era la faraona, ¿no?" 

This line is a bit confusing. The speaker is saying "A ver, que le pongo esta voz porque, bueno, Cleopatra era la faraona, ¿no?" which translates to "Well, I'll put this voice on because, well, Cleopatra was the pharaoh, right?" 

Wait, Cleopatra was the queen of Egypt, not the pharaoh. The pharaoh was typically a male ruler, though Cleopatra was a queen. So there's a play on words here. The setup was about the "culilingüe" and the honey of success, then this line introduces Cleopatra as the pharaoh, which might be a misdirection or a callback to the previous line. 

The last line is "END OF JOKE." So that's the wrap-up.

Now, let's classify each line. 

First line: "Cuando quería que le hicieran un culilingüe decía, Oye, nene, ¿quiere beber de la miel del éxito?" This is the setup. It introduces the scenario where someone is trying to get a kiss by offering honey of success. So label: setup.

Second line: "A ver, que le pongo esta voz porque, bueno, Cleopatra era la faraona, ¿no?" This line seems to be introducing a different topic, maybe a misdirection. The mention of Cleopatra and the pharaoh is a play on words, possibly a

=== Prompt 78 ===
 

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants each line classified into specific roles. Let me start by reading through the joke again to understand the structure.

First line: "Hay mucha gente que no se tatúa porque le dan miedo las agujas." This introduces the topic of people not getting tattoos because of fear of needles. It's setting up the context for the joke, so maybe "establishing context."

Next line: "Lo sabéis, hay gente que le dan miedo las agujas." This reinforces the initial context, so maybe "repetition" since it's repeating the same idea.

Third line: "Y yo, tíos, dejad de mentir porque he descubierto por fin cuál es el mayor temor de un hombre." The speaker is introducing their own discovery, which is the punchline. So this might be "setup" as it's leading into the main point.

Fourth line: "Lo vamos a descubrir hoy aquí todos porque lo tenemos metido en el cerebro pero nunca nos lo han dicho." This is building up to the revelation, so "escalation" as it's increasing the tension.

Fifth line: "Me di cuenta yo el otro día." This is a personal anecdote, maybe "misdirection" or "setup," but it's introducing how the speaker found out, so perhaps "setup."

Next lines list various fears: "No es el miedo a quedarnos calvos ni a que se joda la play." These are examples of fears that aren't the real one, so "misdirection" as they're distractions.

Then: "No es ni siquiera el miedo a morir sin hacer un trío." Another example, same as above, so "misdirection."

The final line: "El mayor temor que tiene un hombre,y todos los de esta sala se van a dar cuenta cuando se lo diga,es el miedo a que nos den por culo." This is the punchline, so "punchline."

The last line: "Ese es el mayor terror que tiene uno." Reiterating the punchline, so "repetition" or "punchline." Wait, the original joke ends with that line. Let me check the original again. The user's joke ends with "El mayor temor que tiene un hombre,y todos los de esta sala se van a dar cuenta cuando se lo diga,es el miedo a que nos

=== Prompt 79 ===
 Please don't use any markdown. The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English. Each line should be assigned a label. The joke has 10 lines. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Please make sure that each line is labeled. Also, please make sure that the labels are in the same order as the lines in the joke. The joke is as follows: Ahí damos por buena nuestra vida.\nPorque sabemos que si a un tío le dan por culo, ese es un viaje del que no hay billete de vuelta, ¿que no?\nSabemos que si alguna vez pasa eso, no lo vas a poder apartar de tu vida jamás.\nEs un detalle que cuando hablen de ti por ahí sin estar tú delante, no lo van a pasar por alto.\nOye,el otro día había Javi,que Javi,el que iba con nosotros a la uni,este que llevaba toda la oreja llena de pendientes que al final se hizo científico y ha descubierto la vacuna contra el cáncer,hostia,pues no ah,chichi,número atómico 13 que dieron por asentaderas...\neste es el verdadero miedo... END OF JOKE. The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English. Each line should be assigned a label. The joke has 10 lines. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Please make sure that each line is labeled. Also, please make sure that the labels are in the same order as the lines in the joke. The joke is as follows: Ahí damos por buena nuestra vida.\nPorque sabemos que si a un tío le dan por culo, ese es un viaje del que no hay billete de vuelta, ¿que no?\nSabemos que si alguna vez pasa eso, no lo vas a poder apartar de tu vida jamás.\nEs un detalle que cuando hablen de ti por ahí sin estar tú delante, no lo van a pasar por alto.\nOye,el otro día había Javi,que Javi,el

=== Prompt 80 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English. The labels should be assigned for each line of the joke, in order. The joke is as follows:

Line 1: yo tengo mucho miedo a volar, a mí me da pánico coger un avión, muchísimo pánico.
Line 2: ¿hay alguien aquí que le dé más miedo a volar?
Line 3: ¿a ti que te da miedo?
Line 4: ¿cómo te llamas?
Line 5: Bruno, ¿a ti te da miedo volar?
Line 6: por ejemplo todavía no, ¿vas de durito porque has venido con la novia, Bruno?
Line 7: bueno, Bruno, supongamos que a ti te da el mismo miedo que a mí a volar, que le tengo pánico hasta cuando me meto en la página de internet para buscar precios.
Line 8: Si yo te dijera,Bruno,que de aquí hasta el día que te mueras,durante todos los días para ir a trabajar,antes tuvieras que coger un avión a Madrid y volver a Ciudad Condal,que época o eso,o que te den por culo,Bruno,a que ya no te da tanto miedo el avióm,Bruno.
Line 9: Te acabo de agarrar una pasta en psicólogos. END OF JOKE. Let's break down the joke line by line and assign the appropriate labels.

Line 1: "yo tengo mucho miedo a volar, a mí me da pánico coger un avión, muchísimo pánico." This line sets the scene by introducing the speaker's fear of flying. It's the beginning of the joke, so it's establishing context.
Line 2: "¿hay alguien aquí que le dé más miedo a volar?" This line is asking if there's someone else with a greater fear of flying, which is a setup for the conversation that follows.
Line 3: "¿a ti que te da miedo?" This is a direct question to the listener, setting up the dialogue and engaging the audience.
Line 4: "¿cómo te llamas?" This line is a question to the listener, asking for their name, which is part of the setup to introduce the character of Bruno.
Line 5: "Bruno, ¿a ti te da m

=== Prompt 81 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, so your labels should be in Spanish as well. The labels should be in the following list: estableciendo contexto, planteamiento, escalada, subversión, callback, desviación, timing, humor meta, final, redirección, no línea, cierre, repetición. I need to classify each line of the joke. Let me give you the joke again with line numbers:

1. ¿Sabéis cómo me di cuenta de este temor? Viendo las noticias.
2. Seguro que a todos los tíos aquí lo han pensado.
3. Vi cómo metían a un delincuente en la cárcel, un delincuente peligrosísimo.
4. ¿Y qué es lo que piensa un hombre cuando ve que a otro hombre le van a meter en la cárcel?
5. ¿Cómo le van a poner el culo?
6. ¿Automáticamente el cerebro masculino pasa por alto?
7. No, no.
8. No,automáticamente nuestro encéfalo masculino pasa por alto que ese hombre va a retroceder la libertad,no se va a volver a reinsertar en la sociedad,va a dejar de ver crecer a sus hijos para pensar cómo le van a poner el culo.

Okay, let's break it down line by line.

Line 1: "¿Sabéis cómo me di cuenta de este temor? Viendo las noticias." This is introducing the context of how the speaker became aware of their fear, so it's establishing context.

Line 2: "Seguro que a todos los tíos aquí lo han pensado." This is a statement that the audience might have thought the same thing, so it's setting up the shared experience, which is part of the setup.

Line 3: "Vi cómo metían a un delincuente en la cárcel, un delincuente peligrosísimo." This provides a specific example, which is part of the setup to lead into the joke.

Line 4: "¿Y qué es lo que piensa un hombre cuando ve que a otro hombre le van a meter en la cárcel?" This is the setup, posing the question that leads to the punchline.

Line 5: "¿Cómo le van a poner el culo?" This is the punchline, but it's presented as a question that's unexpected, so it's a subversion or a direct punchline

=== Prompt 82 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but you can classify the lines as per the labels regardless of the language. Here's the joke again: Yo creo que esto fue un último cartucho que se inventaron los jueces para intentar que los hombres no delinquiéramos.\nEn plan de, mira, la cadena perpetua no funciona, la pena de muerte tamporo, ¿y por qué no decimos que en la cárcel les dan por culo?\nNo, yo quiero creer, quiero creer, en mi cabeza quiero creer que es una leyenda urbana.\nO sea, ¿qué pensarán los presos que ya están dentro cada vez que entre uno nuevo?\nNovato, dame un cigarro.\nSí,IOU,vale,pero no me hagas mucho herida,no me hagas mucho daño.\n¿Pero qué coño le cuentan a esta gente en la calle?\nO sea, a mí no me gustan los culos, joder, no me gusta follarme culos.\nEs por el pene que llevo tatuado aquí en el brazo,eso es por mi hija,joder.\nAhora mismo,por ese rumor,hay miles de presos tuerca España follándose a otros presos por presión social.\nGracias. END OF JOKE.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the joke's structure and the role of each line. The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English, so I'll focus on the content rather than the language.

Starting with the first line: "Yo creo que esto fue un último cartucho que se inventaron los jueces para intentar que los hombres no delinquiéramos." This seems like the setup, introducing the idea that judges created something (probably a joke about prison) to prevent crime. So maybe "establishing context" here.

Next line: "En plan de, mira, la cadena perpetua no funciona, la pena de muerte tamporo, ¿y por qué no decimos que en la cárcel les dan por culo?" This is expanding on the setup, comparing ineffective punishments and introducing the absurd idea of prison being a "culo" (ass). This could be "setup" or maybe "escalation" as it's building the premise.

Third line: "No, yo quiero creer, quiero

=== Prompt 83 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but you can classify the lines regardless of the language. Here is the joke again: Tengo un amigo, también es un gran apoyo para mí, tiene un problemita, no ve muy bien la realidad, ¿vale?\nQue diréis, tú sí, ¿no, cabrón?\nCon esto de los padres recíprocos, tú la ves de puta madre, ¿no?\nPues él, él peor todavía.\nÉl es muy hipocondríaco, él tiene miedo de fallecer de las enfermedades que cree que fallecieron sus padres.\nMe explico.\nÉl cree que su madre falleció de Alzheimer, ¿vale?\nPor lo visto,una banda armada irrumpió en su casa y el Alzheimer hizo que olvidara las nociones básicas Estado Diamante defensa personal y le acribillaron a balazos,aprovechando esto.\nSu padre, en cambio, él cree que falleció de alopecia.\nEse mismo día había olvidado el crecepelo,al volver a recuperarlo a casa,estaba todavía ahí la banda armada,y le acribillaron a balazos junto a su mujer.\nY está muy preocupado mi colega.\nDe hecho ahora se ha comprado un chaleco antibalas porque ha empezado a salirle coronilla.\n¡Venid a por mí, venid! ¡Os estoy esperando!\nGracias. END OF JOKE.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke and identify each part's role. The user provided the joke in Spanish, so I'll need to parse each line and determine its function in the comedic structure.

Starting with the first line: "Tengo un amigo, también es un gran apoyo para mí, tiene un problemita, no ve muy bien la realidad, ¿vale?" This seems like setting up the context. The speaker introduces a friend with a problem, which is the setup for the joke. So I'll label this as "establishing context."

Next line: "Que diréis, tú sí, ¿no, cabrón?" This is a rhetorical question, maybe to engage the listener. It could be part of the setup, but since it's a question, maybe it's a way to get the audience involved. However

=== Prompt 84 ===
 

Okay, let's break down this joke step by step. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke and identify each part's role. The user provided a multi-line joke in Spanish, and I need to classify each line with specific labels. Let me start by reading through the joke again to get a sense of the flow.

The joke starts by mentioning Guillermo Zapata and the political situation, referencing Manuela Carmena and Ada Colau's elections. Then it talks about Zapata having to resign because of a tweet about a joke related to the Holocaust. The speaker criticizes the left's reaction, comparing them to Ned Flanders, and ends with a comment about Zapata still holding another position in the city council.

Now, I need to assign each line a label. Let's go line by line.

1. "Yo creo que el punto de inflexión de la situación política actual se dio, no sé si se acuerdan del caso de Guillermo Zapata..." – This seems like setting up the context by introducing the topic and the main character. So, "establishing context".

2. "...cuando salió elegida Manuela Carmena, y bueno, Ada Colau en aquellas elecciones municipales..." – Continuing the context by mentioning other political figures, so "establishing context".

3. "...el que iba a ser concejal de cultura del Ayuntamiento de Madrid, tuvo que dimitir, porque ahora está muy de moda a personajes que les pueda comprometer investigarle tweets para comprometerles y que se tengan que justificar o lo que sea." – Introducing the main event (Zapata's resignation) and the reason (social media scrutiny). This is the setup for the joke, so "setup".

4. "A Guillermo Zapata, cuando iba a ser concejal de Cultura, le sacaron un tuit de hace mucho tiempo, no sé si hace dos años..." – Providing specific details about the incident, which is part of the setup, so "setup".

5. "...no era ni siquiera una broma sobre el holocausto, era comentando la típica broma de cuántos judíos caben en un cenicero, no sé qué, era comentando esa broma." – Clarifying that the tweet wasn't about the Holocaust, which adds to the setup by showing the misunderstanding. "Setup".

6. "Y ese tío tuvo que dimit

=== Prompt 85 ===
 For each line in the joke, assign the label. The joke is: Estoy más gordo también, ya lo sé.\nEl negro no hace milagros, amigos.\nPero tampoco hago nada por arreglarlo, ¿sabes?\nNo voy al spa porque tengo dignidad.\nY no hago deporte porque no me gusta.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. The user provided a multi-line joke in Spanish, and I need to label each line with its role. Let me start by understanding the joke first.

The first line is "Estoy más gordo también, ya lo sé." Translating that, it means "I'm fatter too, I know." This seems like the setup, introducing the main topic of the joke, which is the person's weight gain. So maybe "establishing context" here.

Next line: "El negro no hace milagros, amigos." Translating to "The black one doesn't do miracles, friends." Wait, "el negro" could refer to someone, maybe a person or a stereotype? Maybe it's a reference to a black person not doing miracles, which might be a cultural or racial joke. This could be the setup or maybe the punchline? Or perhaps it's a setup for the next lines. Maybe "setup" here.

Third line: "Pero tampoco hago nada por arreglarlo, ¿sabes?" Translating to "But I don't do anything to fix it, you know?" This seems like escalation, adding more to the problem. The person isn't taking action, so it's building up the situation. So "escalation."

Fourth line: "No voy al spa porque tengo dignidad." "I don't go to the spa because I have dignity." This is an excuse, so maybe "misdirection" or "redirection"? The person is giving a reason why they aren't taking action, which might be a way to deflect blame. Maybe "misdirection" or "redirection."

Fifth line: "Y no hago deporte porque no me gusta." "And I don't do sports because I don't like them." Another excuse, similar to the previous line. This could be another "misdirection" or "escalation." Wait, the previous line was about dignity, and this is about not liking sports. Both are excuses, so maybe "misdirection" again. But maybe the last line is the punchline

=== Prompt 86 ===
 
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to break down each line of the joke and figure out its role. The joke is in Spanish, but I'll focus on the structure rather than the content.

Starting with the first line: "Odio el deporte." That's the speaker expressing a strong dislike for sports in general. This seems like establishing context because it sets the stage for the rest of the joke by introducing the main topic.

Next line: "Sobre todo el deporte que más odio es el fútbol." Here, the speaker specifies that football is the sport they hate the most. This is probably the setup because it introduces the specific target of the joke, which is football.

Third line: "Odio el fútbol, pero con toda mi alma." Reiterating the intense dislike, this might be repetition since it's reinforcing the previous point. But maybe it's part of the setup as well, building up the intensity.

Fourth line: "Porque el fútbol es como el deporte de tíos, el deporte viril." This is the reason given for hating football, explaining it's associated with guys or machismo. This seems like escalation because it's providing a reason that adds more to the joke's premise.

Fifth line: "El fútbol es el deporte de los machos." Repeating the idea that football is for males. Again, this might be repetition or escalation, but since it's a common theme, maybe escalation to build up the stereotype.

Next line: "Si en el instituto no te gustaba el fútbol, dices, no le gusta el fútbol, vete ahí con las niñas." This is an example of how not liking football is associated with being feminine. This could be misdirection or escalation, but it's giving a specific scenario that supports the stereotype, so maybe escalation.

Then: "Y yo hace tiempo vi un partido de fútbol, estaba en un bar, no fue algo buscado." The speaker shares a personal experience. This might be the setup or a transition to the punchline. It's introducing a situation that leads to the next part.

Next: "Era una final de Champions entre el Madrid y el Atlético de Madrid." Providing more context about the specific event, which is part of the setup leading to the punchline.

Then: "Y Cristiano Ronaldo marcó un gol." This is an event

=== Prompt 87 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but you can classify it regardless of the language. The joke is:

O sea, pero no gay comparado a rollos irónicamente gays.
Gay comparado a porno duro gay, ¿vale?
Si en ese momento Cristiano Ronaldo recoge toda esa energía gay del estadio y les grita¡Y ahora quiero que todos bajéis a comerme la polla!

Okay, let's break down this joke step by step. The user wants each line classified into specific roles. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke.

The first line is "O sea, pero no gay comparado a rollos irónicamente gays." This seems like setting up a comparison, maybe introducing the topic. So "establishing context" makes sense here because it's introducing the subject of comparison between "gay" and "ironically gay" things.

The second line is "Gay comparado a porno duro gay, ¿vale?" This is expanding on the comparison, perhaps setting up the contrast. It might be the "setup" because it's leading into the main joke. Wait, but sometimes setup is the initial part that sets up the punchline. Alternatively, maybe "escalation" if it's building up the situation. But I think "setup" is more accurate here as it's introducing the comparison that will lead to the punchline.

The third line is "Si en ese momento Cristiano Ronaldo recoge toda esa energía gay del estadio y les grita¡Y ahora quiero que todos bajéis a comerme la polla!" This is the punchline. It's unexpected and humorous, using a shockingly explicit statement. So this would be the "punchline" as it's the final, humorous part. However, there's also a mention of Cristiano Ronaldo, which might be a callback or a reference. Wait, but the main joke here is the sudden shift to a very explicit statement, so that's the punchline. The mention of Ronaldo could be part of the setup, but given the structure, the third line is the punchline. 

Wait, let me check again. The first line sets up the comparison. The second line clarifies the comparison. The third line introduces the unexpected scenario with Ronaldo, leading to the explicit statement. So the third line is the punchline. The "callback" would be if something from earlier is referenced again, but here it's the first time Ronaldo is mentioned. So the punchline is the third line. 

Wait, but sometimes the

=== Prompt 88 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English. Each line of the joke should be assigned a label. Make sure that the labels are correctly assigned. The joke is: Tendrían que hacerlo.\nHabría un momento de duda, de plan ¿Qué ha dicho?\n¿Qué? Tío, es la décima.\nBajarían los madridistas ahí mirando al suelo algunos, los más mayores contándose anécdotas.\nYo no me comí una polla desde la de Di Stéfano en el 56. END OF JOKE.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. The user provided a Spanish joke with multiple lines, and I need to assign each line a label from the given categories. Let me start by understanding each part of the joke.

First line: "Tendrían que hacerlo." That sounds like a setup. It's a statement that introduces the idea, maybe setting up a situation. So maybe "establishing context" or "setup." But since it's the first line, it's probably establishing the context.

Second line: "Habría un momento de duda, de plan ¿Qué ha dicho?" This seems like the setup building up to the punchline. The "moment of doubt" and the question "What did he say?" could be part of the setup, leading into the punchline. Maybe "setup" here.

Third line: "¿Qué? Tío, es la décima." This is the punchline, right? The person says "What? Dude, it's the tenth." This is the unexpected twist, so "punchline" makes sense here.

Fourth line: "Bajarían los madridistas ahí mirando al suelo algunos, los más mayores contándose anécdotas." This describes the reaction of the fans, maybe the aftermath. It could be a "callback" or "wrap-up." Since it's describing the reaction after the punchline, maybe "wrap-up."

Fifth line: "Yo no me comí una polla desde la de Di Stéfano en el 56." This is a callback to a past event, referencing a specific moment in history (Di Stéfano's era). It's a reference that ties back to the setup, so "callback" or "repetition." Since it's referencing a previous event, "callback" seems right.

Wait, the last line is a bit tricky

=== Prompt 89 ===
 To do this, I'll analyze each line of the joke and determine its function in the comedic structure. The joke is in Spanish, so I'll need to understand the cultural context and the specific humor elements.

Line 1: "Un pequeño tumulto abajo, ese tío ya ha pasado tres veces, déjalo esto marroncero." 
This is setting the scene, describing a situation that's happening. It's establishing the context for the joke.

Line 2: "Vale Yo sé que a mucha gente esto le hace más gracia Porque piensan que son del Barcelona Y piensan que me estoy metiendo con los del Madrid"
This line explains why the joke might be funny to some people, indicating that the humor is based on the rivalry between Barcelona and Madrid. This is setting up the premise for the joke.

Line 3: "Pero voy a hacer una cosa a favor de los del Madrid"
This is a shift in the joke, indicating that the speaker is going to take a different approach, which is a form of subversion.

Line 4: "Al menos su ídolo está bueno"
This line introduces a new element that contrasts with the previous context, which is a form of subversion.

Line 5: "Los del Barça se la comerían a Messi"
This line continues the contrast, indicating that the Barcelona fans would eat Messi, which is a form of escalation.

Line 6: "Lo que les coloca un pequeño pelitaño por encima De la pedrastia,¿vale?"
This line is a bit more complex, but it seems to be a humorous comparison or metaphor that adds to the joke, possibly a form of escalation.

Line 7: "Gracias por ver el video."
This is a closing line, thanking the audience, which is a form of wrap-up.

Based on this analysis, the labels for each line would be:

Line 1: establishing context
Line 2: setup
Line 3: subversion
Line 4: subversion
Line 5: escalation
Line 6: escalation
Line 7: wrap-up

So the final answer would be:
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "subversion", "subversion", "escalation", "escalation", "wrap-up"]}
Okay, let me try to figure this out. The user wants me to classify each line of the joke into specific roles like establishing context, setup, etc

=== Prompt 90 ===
 The joke has 15 lines. Let's go through each line one by one.

1. "Que por la mañana, por la mañana me dice mi mujer Bueno, ¿cuándo nos animamos a tener niños?" - This is the opening line where the situation is introduced. It's setting up the context of the conversation between the husband and wife about having children. So, this is **establishing context**.

2. "Digo, joder, ya, es que ni Messi juega con esa presión, no me jodas" - The husband is reacting to the wife's question. He's using a comparison to Messi to show that he's not ready for the pressure. This is the **setup** of the joke, introducing the husband's reluctance.

3. "Digo, tener hijos, eso es muy antiguo ya, eso ya no se lleva a tener hijos" - The husband is making a joke about having children being old-fashioned. This is part of the **escalation** as he's building on his reluctance.

4. "Eso es muy antiguo, eso es como llamar de noche para gastar menos" - Another comparison to show how outdated having children is. This is still part of the **escalation**.

5. "O como enseñar la casa, eso es muy antiguo" - Another example of something old-fashioned, continuing the **escalation**.

6. "Porque además, claro, digo, coño, ¿cuántos tienes?" - The husband is now responding to the wife's question about how many children they would have. This is a **callback** to the wife's question, which is a **misdirection** because it seems like a genuine question but is actually part of the joke.

7. "No va a ser hijo único como yo, le dejas solo en el mundo." - The husband is joking about not wanting to leave the child alone, which is a **subversion** of the expectation that having children is a positive thing.

8. "¿Cuántos tienes?" - The wife is asking again, which is a **repetition** of the previous question, adding to the humor.

9. "Yo creo que lo mejor es tener muchos, como Julio Iglesias." - The husband is suggesting having many children, which is a **timing** element as it's a sudden change in the direction of the conversation.

10. "Julio Iglesias puede ser hijo hasta

=== Prompt 91 ===
 The joke is as follows: ¿Por qué?\nPorque hace muy poquito uno de mis mejores amigos ha tenido un niño, ha ido a verlo al hospital...\n...entonces claro, su mujer, padre, se coge al niño, se lo pone aquí...\n...que hacen esto, ¿cómo se llama lo que hacen?\nEl piel con piel, esto, ¿no?\nse lo pone aquí, se le queda mirando al niño recién nacido, recién nacido con el cordón ahí recién cortado...\n...y le dice te voy a querer tanto que ninguna mujer será suficiente para ti\ncoño pero por qué vas a condenar a esa criatura a la misoginia\npero ese niño va a ser taxista por lo menos\npor qué le haces esto por qué claro\nGracias por ver el video. END OF JOKE.
Okay, let's break down this joke line by line to classify each part. First, the user wants each newline-separated line labeled with specific roles. Let me start by reading through the joke again to understand the flow.

The joke starts with "¿Por qué?" which is the classic setup for a question, so that's likely the setup. Then the next line explains why, giving context about the friend's newborn. That's establishing context. The part about going to the hospital and the parents holding the baby is probably part of the setup, building the scenario. 

Then there's a question about what they're doing, which might be misdirection or part of the setup. The mention of "piel con piel" (skin-to-skin contact) is a specific term, maybe a setup or a callback. The next lines describe the mother holding the baby and the father's statement about loving the child so much that no woman will be enough. This seems like the escalation, leading up to the punchline. 

The father's line about misogyny is the punchline, but wait, the user's answer might have a twist. Then there's a response questioning why the child would be condemned to misogyny, which could be a subversion or a callback. The part about the child becoming a taxi driver is a possible redirection or a misdirection. The final "por qué le haces esto por qué claro" might be the punchline, and the thanks at the end is wrap-up. 

Wait, maybe the "por qué claro" at the end is the

=== Prompt 92 ===
 The joke is: Bueno, la siguiente canción va al principio, pero la hago ahora.\nCuestión de... END OF JOKE.
Okay, let's break down this joke. The user provided a joke in Spanish, and I need to classify each line based on its role. The lines are:

1. "Bueno, la siguiente canción va al principio, pero la hago ahora."
2. "Cuestión de... END OF JOKE."

First, I'll analyze each line. The first line seems to set up a scenario where the next song is supposed to be at the beginning, but the speaker is doing it now. This might be setting up an expectation that's about to be subverted. The second line is "Cuestión de..." which translates to "A matter of..." and then "END OF JOKE." 

In joke structure, the setup introduces the situation, and the punchline delivers the twist. Here, the first line might be the setup, creating an expectation. The second line could be the punchline, but it's cut off. However, the "END OF JOKE" might indicate that the punchline is the ellipsis, which is a common way to end a joke with a pause. 

Wait, the second line is "Cuestión de..." followed by "END OF JOKE." So maybe the punchline is the ellipsis, and the "END OF JOKE" is a meta-humor element, indicating the end. Alternatively, the entire second line could be the punchline, but it's incomplete. 

Alternatively, the first line is the setup, and the second line is the punchline with the ellipsis. But the "END OF JOKE" might be a meta-humor label, indicating the end. However, the user's instruction says to assign labels to each line. 

Let me think again. The first line is the setup, introducing the situation. The second line starts with "Cuestión de..." which might be the punchline, but it's cut off. However, in some jokes, the punchline is the ellipsis, and the "END OF JOKE" is a meta-humor element. 

Alternatively, the "END OF JOKE" is part of the punchline, but that's not clear. Maybe the first line is the setup, the second line is the punchline with the ellipsis, and the "END OF JOKE" is a meta-humor. 

Wait,

=== Prompt 93 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English. Please make sure to use the correct labels for the joke's lines, even if the joke is in a different language.
Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants each line classified into specific roles. The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English, so I need to focus on the structure rather than the language.

First line: "Ya llegó, ahora empieza el show" – This seems like setting the scene, introducing the situation. Maybe "establishing context" because it's setting up the scenario where the show is about to start.

Second line: "Y empieza dentro de una hora en Canarias" – This provides more details about when and where the show starts. It's adding information, so maybe "escalation" as it's building up the setup.

Third line: "La función que tiene esta canción" – This introduces the purpose or role of the song, which might be part of the setup. Maybe "setup" since it's explaining the song's function.

Fourth line: "Es no tirar los chistes que sobraban" – This is the main point, explaining that the song's function is to not throw away leftover jokes. This could be the "punchline" or part of the setup. Wait, maybe "subversion" because it's twisting expectations? Or is it part of the setup leading to the punchline?

Fifth line: "Y así ganar, y así ganar más tiempo" – This seems like reinforcing the idea of gaining time, which might be part of the escalation or the punchline. Maybe "escalation" as it's building up the consequence of not throwing jokes.

Wait, the punchline is usually the unexpected part. Let me think again. The joke is about a song that doesn't throw away leftover jokes to gain more time. The setup is about the show starting, the song's function, and then the punchline is the unexpected twist. But the lines are a bit unclear. Maybe the last line is the punchline, but I need to check each line's role.

Alternatively, maybe the lines are structured as: establishing context (show starts), setup (where and when), then the song's function (setup), then the twist (not throwing jokes), and the punchline being the result of that. But I'm not entirely sure. Let me refer to the labels again.

Establishing context: sets the scene

=== Prompt 94 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English.
Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. First, the user provided a joke in Spanish, and I need to classify each line based on its role using the given labels. Let me start by understanding the joke.

The first line is "El pez martillo es un pez muy especial". Translating that, it means "The hammerhead shark is a very special fish." This seems like an introduction, setting up the topic. So maybe "establishing context" here.

Next line: "Porque es el único pez que puede alimentarse de nueces". Translating to "Because it's the only fish that can eat nuts." This provides a reason, which might be the setup for the punchline. Wait, but the first line is the setup, and this line gives the reason. But in jokes, setup is the initial part that leads to the punchline. Maybe this is part of the setup? Or is the first line the setup and the second line the escalation? Hmm.

Third line: "Cuando estoy en casa y me quiero orientar". Translating to "When I'm at home and I want to orient myself." This seems like a shift in topic. Maybe this is a redirection? Because it's changing the subject from the fish to the person's situation. But why?

Fourth line: "Me pongo una peli del oeste". "I watch a western movie." This could be part of the setup or maybe the escalation. Maybe the person is trying to find direction by watching a movie, which is a bit odd. But how does that tie in?

Fifth line: "Ya me veis". "You can see me." This might be a callback or a misdirection. Maybe the person is implying that they are more attractive in person than in a movie, which is a play on words.

Then "Yo soy más guapo en persona que en animal o cosa". "I am more handsome in person than in animal or thing." Wait, the original joke has "animal o cosa" which might be a play on words. The previous line mentions "animal" (animal) and "cosa" (thing). So the punchline is that the person is more handsome in person than as an animal or thing, which is a meta-humor or callback to the earlier fish (animal) and the movie (cosa, thing). 

Now, let's map each line:

1.

=== Prompt 95 ===
 I will provide the joke text. Please provide the classification for each line.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. The joke is:

Y pensaba que tenía miedo escénico  
Hasta que actué en un escenario a ras del suelo  
Y descubrí que lo que tengo es vértigo  

First, I need to break down each line and figure out its role. Let's start with the first line: "Y pensaba que tenía miedo escénico." This seems like the setup. The speaker was thinking they had stage fright. So that's setting up the initial situation. 

Next line: "Hasta que actué en un escenario a ras del suelo." This is the escalation or maybe the setup. The speaker acted on a stage at ground level. Wait, maybe this is the setup? Or is it the escalation? Wait, the first line is the setup, and the second line introduces a situation that changes things. So maybe the second line is the setup? Or is it the escalation? Hmm. Let me think. The first line is the setup (establishing context). The second line introduces a situation that leads to the punchline. So maybe the second line is the setup? Or perhaps it's the escalation. Wait, the first line is the setup, and the second line is the escalation because it introduces a new situation that leads to the punchline. 

Then the third line: "Y descubrí que lo que tengo es vértigo." That's the punchline. Because the twist is that instead of stage fright, it's vertigo. So the punchline is the third line. 

Wait, but the second line is "Hasta que actué en un escenario a ras del suelo." That's the setup for the punchline. So maybe the first line is the setup, the second line is the escalation (introducing the event that leads to the punchline), and the third line is the punchline. 

Alternatively, maybe the first line is the setup, the second line is the setup, and the third line is the punchline. But I need to check the labels. Let's look at the labels again: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. 

The first line is establishing context or setup. The second line is the setup or escalation. The third line is the punchline.

=== Prompt 96 ===
 The joke has 14 lines. The labels should be in the order of the lines in the joke. The labels must be in the same order as the lines in the joke. Each label should be one of the 13 labels listed. Please make sure that the labels are correctly assigned and that the order is preserved. Do not include any other information in the response. The answer must be in JSON format, with the list of labels in the order of the lines.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context","setup","escalation","subversion","escalation","escalation","escalation","meta-humor","escalation","punchline","repetition","wrap-up","non-line","non-line"]}

=== Prompt 97 ===
 Please separate each label with a comma and space, and do not use any other text.
The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. The joke is as follows: 
Line 1: Buenas noches, muchas gracias.
Line 2: ¿Qué tal, cómo estáis?
Line 3: Me llamo Joan Pico, soy actor.
Line 4: A mí me gustaría ser un tipo de actor comprometido, con conciencia social, de los que lucha por participar en proyectos alternativos, con sentido, con corazón...
Line 5: ...y una puta mierda.
Line 6: Yo lo que quiero es ser rico y famoso.
Line 7: Pero muy rico y muy famoso, ¿eh?
Line 8: Como Will Smith, ¿sabéis quién es?
Line 9: El director del hormiguero. END OF JOKE.
Okay, let's break down this joke line by line to classify each part. 

Starting with Line 1: "Buenas noches, muchas gracias." That sounds like a greeting, maybe setting the scene for a conversation. So probably establishing context.

Line 2: "¿Qué tal, cómo estáis?" This is a common way to start a conversation, so it's probably part of establishing context too. Maybe both lines 1 and 2 are setting up the interaction.

Line 3: "Me llamo Joan Pico, soy actor." Introducing the speaker, so this is establishing context as well. It's giving background info.

Line 4: "A mí me gustaría ser un tipo de actor comprometido, con conciencia social..." This is the setup. The speaker is talking about wanting to be a socially conscious actor. It's building up the expectation.

Line 5: "...y una puta mierda." Wait, that's a sudden shift. The speaker starts talking about being committed and then says something vulgar. This is a subversion because it's contradicting the previous statement. The setup was about being socially conscious, but then it's a shock.

Line 6: "Yo lo que quiero es ser rico y famoso." This is the escalation. The speaker is now revealing their real desire, which is to be rich and famous, contradicting the earlier idealistic talk.

Line 7

=== Prompt 98 ===
 The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English. You should use the same labels for the Spanish joke. Please do not use any other labels, only these. Also, do not add any other text, just the JSON.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "subversion", "punchline"]}

=== Prompt 99 ===
 I need to classify each line of the joke provided. Let me go through each line step by step.

1. "Sí, sueño con ser famoso y con ganar premios importantes, como los ganadores de los premios Goya, ¿verdad?" – This line introduces the speaker's dream of fame and awards, setting up the context for the joke. It's establishing the topic and the speaker's aspirations.

2. "Ellos también sueñan con ganar premios importantes." – This line seems to be a continuation of the previous one, but it's actually a misdirection. It's a setup that leads to the punchline, which is the realization that the person being referred to (Candela Peña) doesn't actually win awards. The line is part of the setup to lead to the punchline.

3. "No sé si sabéis quién es Candela Peña." – This line introduces a new element, Candela Peña, which is the key to the punchline. It's a redirection because it shifts the conversation to a new topic, leading up to the punchline.

4. "¿Conocéis a Candela Peña?" – This is a question that invites the listener to engage, setting up the expectation for a response. It's part of the setup as it leads to the punchline.

5. "Una mujer que se ponga lo que se ponga siempre parece que ha dormido en un camping." – This is the punchline. It contrasts the speaker's dream of winning awards with the reality of Candela Peña, who is not associated with awards but with a different image. It's the culmination of the setup and the misdirection, delivering the unexpected twist.

6. "END OF JOKE." – This marks the end of the joke, so it's a wrap-up.

Now, I need to classify each line accordingly.

1. "Sí, sueño con ser famoso y con ganar premios importantes, como los ganadores de los premios Goya, ¿verdad?" – This is establishing context as it introduces the topic of fame and awards.

2. "Ellos también sueñan con ganar premios importantes." – This is a setup as it continues the topic of winning awards, setting up the expectation that the person being referred to also dreams of awards.

3. "No sé si sabéis quién es Candela Peña." – This is a redirection because it shifts the topic

=== Prompt 100 ===
 The joke is as follows: 

Candela Peña ganó su segundo Goya en 2013 por la película Una pistola en cada mano.
Y cuando subió a recoger el premio, Candela hizo algo que me parece lamentable, penoso.
O sea, sus palabras al recoger el premio fueron, cito textualmente, está en YouTube, lo podéis ver.
Dijo, llevo tres años sin trabajar, desde aquí pido trabajo, tengo un hijo que alimentar.
Mira, hasta el Goya estaba así.
Hija de puta que te acaban de dar un Goya
Yo me he pasado tres meses en la cárcel
Por intentar robar el de Dani Rovira
END OF JOKE.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke and identify each line's role. The user provided the joke in Spanish, so I'll need to parse it carefully.

Starting with the first line: "Candela Peña ganó su segundo Goya en 2013 por la película Una pistola en cada mano." This introduces the context of Candela winning an award, so that's establishing context. 

Next line: "Y cuando subió a recoger el premio, Candela hizo algo que me parece lamentable, penoso." This sets up the situation where she did something unfortunate, which is the setup for the joke. 

Third line: "O sea, sus palabras al recoger el premio fueron, cito textualmente, está en YouTube, lo podéis ver." This is providing a transition, maybe a bit of misdirection by mentioning the YouTube clip, but it's also setting up the punchline by indicating that the actual words are coming next. 

Fourth line: "Dijo, llevo tres años sin trabajar, desde aquí pido trabajo, tengo un hijo que alimentar." This is the actual punchline where she makes a personal plea, which is the main humorous point. 

Then: "Mira, hasta el Goya estaba así." This seems like a callback or maybe a redirection, comparing her situation to the award, perhaps implying that the award is not as meaningful as it seems. 

Next line: "Hija de puta que te acaban de dar un Goya" – this is a strong expletive, which might be a callback to the previous line, adding a twist. 

Then: "Yo

=== Prompt 101 ===
 

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line to classify each part. The joke is in Spanish, so I'll need to understand the context and structure.

First line: "Joder, es que es difícil currar como actor" – This seems like the setup. The speaker is expressing frustration about the difficulty of working as an actor. It introduces the main topic, so maybe "establishing context" or "setup." Since it's the beginning, probably "setup."

Second line: "No vale con enviar un currículum y hacer una entrevista" – This adds more context, explaining that just sending a resume and having an interview isn't enough. So this is part of the setup, elaborating on the difficulty. Maybe "escalation" or "setup." Since it's expanding on the initial problem, "escalation" makes sense.

Third line: "Te hacen un casting donde tienes que demostrar Lo que vales en 30 segundos" – Here, the speaker is explaining the specific challenge of an audition where you have to show your worth in 30 seconds. This is building up the problem, so "escalation" again. It's getting more specific about the difficulty.

Fourth line: "Jodido, ¿no?" – This is a rhetorical question, emphasizing the difficulty. It's a reaction to the previous statement, so maybe "punchline" or "escalation." Since it's a reaction, perhaps "escalation" or "punchline." Wait, the punchline usually comes at the end. Maybe this is part of the setup leading to the punchline.

Fifth line: "Es como si para que te cogieran en un Starbucks te dijeran A ver, escribe tu nombre en un vaso de papel" – This is a comparison, using a metaphor. The setup is comparing the audition process to a Starbucks job application. This is part of the setup, but maybe "misdirection" or "escalation." Wait, it's a comparison to illustrate the absurdity, so maybe "escalation" or "subversion." Wait, the punchline is the comparison. So this line is part of the setup leading to the punchline.

Sixth line: "O para ser modelo te dijeran A ver, métete este gramo de cocaína" – Another comparison, this time to modeling. This is part of the setup, building up the absurd examples. So "escalation" or "subversion." Maybe

=== Prompt 102 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, so the labels should be in Spanish as well. The labels are: estableciendo contexto, planteamiento, escalada, subversión, callback, desvío, timing, humor meta, chiste, redirección, no línea, cierre, repetición. Please provide the classification for each line. The joke has 14 lines. The answer should be a list of 14 labels.
Okay, let me try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke and the role each part plays. The joke is in Spanish, so I'll need to parse each line carefully.

Starting with the first line: "Yo de pequeño estuve en Alabama, mi madre me mandó allí a aprender inglés." This seems like an introduction, setting the scene. So maybe "estableciendo contexto" (establishing context) for the first line. 

Next line: "¡Alabama!" That's a repetition of the place mentioned, maybe to emphasize it. Could be "repetición" (repetition) or maybe part of the setup. Wait, the first line sets the context, and the second line is a reaction to that, so maybe "planteamiento" (setup) as it's introducing the main topic.

Third line: "No a Londres ni a Nueva York, no, a Alabama." This is contrasting other places with Alabama, reinforcing the context. Maybe "estableciendo contexto" again, but maybe part of the setup. Hmm, need to check.

Fourth line: "Y allí me contaron una cosa que yo nunca me había visto." This introduces a new element, the thing they told him, so maybe "planteamiento" (setup) as it's introducing the main point of the joke.

Fifth line: "¿Sabéis qué?" This is a question leading into the punchline, so maybe "planteamiento" or "escalada" (escalation). Wait, "¿Sabéis qué?" is a setup for the next lines, so "planteamiento".

Sixth line: "En el sur de Estados Unidos, el fútbol es... Bueno, el fútbol ya no le llaman ni fútbol, es el soccer, ¿no?" This is explaining the confusion between soccer and football, so maybe "escalada" (escalation) as it's building up the misunderstanding.

Se

=== Prompt 103 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but you can classify it in English. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. The joke is in Spanish, but you can classify it in English. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. The joke is in Spanish, but you can classify it in English. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. The joke is in Spanish, but you can classify it in English. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. The joke is in Spanish, but you can classify it in English. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. The joke is in Spanish, but you can classify it in English. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. The joke is in Spanish, but you can classify it in English. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. The joke is in Spanish, but you can classify it in English. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. The joke is in Spanish, but you can classify it in English. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. The joke is in Spanish, but you can classify it in English. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection,

=== Prompt 104 ===
 The joke is in Spanish. You can use the labels in any order. The labels are case-sensitive. Please make sure that the labels are in the same order as the lines in the joke. Also, please make sure that the labels are in lowercase. Please do not use any other labels. Please make sure that the labels are in the same order as the lines in the joke. The joke has 12 lines. Please make sure that your answer has exactly 12 elements. The labels must be in lowercase. Please do not use any other labels. Please make sure that your answer has exactly 12 elements. The labels must be in lowercase. Please do not use any other labels. Please make sure that your answer has exactly 12 elements. The labels must be in lowercase. Please do not use any other labels. Please make sure that your answer has exactly 12 elements. The labels must be in lowercase. Please do not use any other labels. Please make sure that your answer has exactly 12 elements. The labels must be in lowercase. Please do not use any other labels. Please make sure that your answer has exactly 12 elements. The labels must be in lowercase. Please do not use any other labels. Please make sure that your answer has exactly 12 elements. The labels must be in lowercase. Please do not use any other labels. Please make sure that your answer has exactly 12 elements. The labels must be in lowercase. Please do not use any other labels. Please make sure that your answer has exactly 12 elements. The labels must be in lowercase. Please do not use any other labels. Please make sure that your answer has exactly 12 elements. The labels must be in lowercase. Please do not use any other labels. Please make sure that your answer has exactly 12 elements. The labels must be in lowercase. Please do not use any other labels. Please make sure that your answer has exactly 12 elements. The labels must be in lowercase. Please do not use any other labels. Please make sure that your answer has exactly 12 elements. The labels must be in lowercase. Please do not use any other labels. Please make sure that your answer has exactly 12 elements. The labels must be in lowercase. Please do not use any other labels. Please make sure that your answer has exactly 12 elements. The labels must be in lowercase. Please do not use any other labels. Please make sure that your answer has

=== Prompt 105 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. The user provided a Spanish joke and wants each line labeled with its role in the structure. The labels include things like setup, punchline, escalation, etc. Let me start by understanding the joke first.

The joke starts with "Y lo deja ahí crecer." which translates to "And he leaves it grow there." Then the speaker says "Y digo, no, no, que así va a ser más realista." meaning "And I say, no, no, that way it will be more realistic." Then there's a question: "Y digo, ¿pero nos hemos vuelto locos o qué?" which is "And I say, but have we gone crazy or what?" 

Next, they mention the technology used in The Lord of the Rings for the Battle of Helm's Deep with 4,000 orcs. Then they compare it to "pa' pelo del potorri" which I think is a slang or a typo, maybe "para pelo del potorri" meaning "for the potorri's hair" (potorri might be a term for a fool or a silly person). The speaker is confused about spending money on such tech for something trivial. 

Then they say "¡Nos hemos vuelto locos!" meaning "We've gone crazy!" and mention that people are being underutilized. The suggestion is to use a Minion (like from the movie) to speak with someone. Then a "Oh, papayera!" which is an exclamation, maybe "Oh, what a mess!" Then they say "No, ahora parece que vale todo, ¿eh?" meaning "No, now it seems like everything is worth it, right?" 

Now, breaking down each line:

1. "Y lo deja ahí crecer." – This seems like setting up the initial situation. Maybe establishing context.
2. "Y digo, no, no, que así va a ser más realista." – The speaker is reacting, possibly setup or escalation.
3. "Y digo, ¿pero nos hemos vuelto locos o qué?" – This is a question that introduces the confusion, maybe setup or escalation.
4. "O sea, me estás contando que esa tecnología que ha servido para hacer en El Señor de los Anillos la recreación de la batalla del abismo de Helm..." –

=== Prompt 106 ===
 The joke has been transcribed as follows: Luego, ahora te dicen, no, no hay que reprimirse.\nEs otra mentira, no te reprimirse en el sexo.\nMi mujer lo ha entendido mal, ¿qué hace ahora?\nGrita, y grita mucho.\nDice que se entere la vecina cuando lo hacemos, que se joda, que sepa lo que somos.\nNo, espera, que los niños duermen al lado, las paredes son de papel, y a mí no me da...\nNo,que yo quiero defender la integridad de mis hijos,no va a constituir que el niño se levante,yo me giro,le bolsa un ojo,digo,a mí eso no me mola. END OF JOKE. 

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The first line is "Luego, ahora te dicen, no, no hay que reprimirse." This seems like setting up the context about not repressing, maybe a common advice. Then the next line says "Es otra mentira, no te reprimirse en el sexo." Here, the speaker is dismissing the idea of repression, calling it a lie. So that's probably the setup, establishing the premise.

The third line: "Mi mujer lo ha entendido mal, ¿qué hace ahora?" This introduces a conflict, the wife misunderstanding, leading to the next line where she starts screaming. That's the escalation because it's the problem arising from the misunderstanding.

Then "Grita, y grita mucho." This is the immediate reaction, so escalation continues. The next line, "Dice que se entere la vecina cuando lo hacemos, que se joda, que sepa lo que somos." The wife wants the neighbor to know, which adds more conflict. Still escalation.

The line "No, espera, que los niños duermen al lado, las paredes son de papel, y a mí no me da..." Here, the speaker tries to stop her, mentioning the kids and thin walls. This is a redirection, trying to address the problem. Then "No, que yo quiero defender la integridad de mis hijos, no va a constituir que el niño se levante, yo me giro, le bolsa un ojo, digo, a mí eso no me mola." The speaker's counterargument, which is a subversion because it's a twist,

=== Prompt 107 ===
 The joke is as follows:

Line 1: Yo lo que intento es disimular, y es muy difícil cuando estás ahí en mitad de la batalla...
Line 2: Que a mí joder me ha pasado, mi mujer gritando loco ¡Ah! ¡Ah!
Line 3: Y yo intentando disimular¡Ah!¡El dinosaurio!¡Ah!¡Ah!

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line to classify each part. 

Starting with Line 1: "Yo lo que intento es disimular, y es muy difícil cuando estás ahí en mitad de la batalla..." This seems to set up a scenario where someone is trying to hide or act normally in a difficult situation, possibly a conflict or a problem. The mention of "mitad de la batalla" (middle of the battle) suggests a tense or intense moment. So this is likely the **establishing context** because it introduces the situation.

Moving to Line 2: "Que a mí joder me ha pasado, mi mujer gritando loco ¡Ah! ¡Ah!" Here, the speaker is explaining that they've been in this situation, and their wife is screaming in a way that's exaggerated ("gritando loco"). The "¡Ah! ¡Ah!" sounds are probably meant to mimic someone's startled or frustrated reaction. This line seems to be the **setup** because it introduces the specific incident where the speaker is trying to hide, and the wife's reaction is part of the problem. 

Line 3: "Y yo intentando disimular¡Ah!¡El dinosaurio!¡Ah!¡Ah!" The speaker is trying to hide, but then there's a sudden mention of "El dinosaurio" (The dinosaur), which is a non-sequitur. The exclamation "¡Ah!¡Ah!" again, but now paired with "El dinosaurio" might be a **punchline** or **subversion**. Wait, the mention of a dinosaur seems out of place. Maybe it's a **callback** to something earlier, but I don't see a prior reference. Alternatively, it could be **misdirection** if the speaker is trying to hide something, and the dinosaur is a distraction. But the exclamation sounds like a reaction, so perhaps it's the **punchline** where the speaker's attempt to disimulate fails, leading to an unexpected or humorous element. Alternatively,

=== Prompt 108 ===
 I need to classify each line of the joke provided, and I will do that by analyzing the structure of the joke. Let me go line by line.

First line: "Claro, porque es muy complicado." – This seems to be the setup, introducing the topic or the premise of the joke.

Second line: "Es muy difícil." – This is reinforcing the setup, adding more context or elaborating on the difficulty mentioned.

Third line: "Bueno, incluso hasta el punto de que me lo ha hecho en casa de mis suegros." – This is an escalation, taking the situation to an extreme or adding a specific example to emphasize the difficulty.

Fourth line: "Y eso es imposible de disimular." – This is a subversion or escalation, highlighting the impossibility of hiding the situation.

Fifth line: "Sobre todo cuando se pone en plan religiosa." – This is a redirection or escalation, introducing a new element that adds to the humor.

Sixth line: "Que empieza gritando ¡Ah! ¡Y la Virgen! ¡La Virgen!" – This is the punchline or a subversion, introducing a surprising or humorous element.

Seventh line: "Y yo como puedo¡Con flores a María!" – This is a callback or subversion, referencing the religious element introduced earlier.

Eighth line: "Joder." – This is a non-line or timing, serving as an exclamation to emphasize the humor.

Ninth line: "Gracias." – This is a wrap-up or non-line, ending the joke politely.
Okay, let me try to work through this. The user wants me to classify each line of the joke into specific roles. The labels are things like establishing context, setup, escalation, etc. 

First, I need to understand the joke. The lines are in Spanish, so I'll need to parse the meaning. The first line is "Claro, porque es muy complicado." That sounds like a setup, maybe someone is explaining why something is hard. The next line, "Es muy difícil." is reinforcing that difficulty. Then "Bueno, incluso hasta el punto de que me lo ha hecho en casa de mis suegros." That seems like escalation, taking it to an extreme with the in-laws. 

Next, "Y eso es imposible de disimular." That's probably subversion, because it's saying the situation can't be hidden. Then "Sobre

=== Prompt 109 ===
 I need to classify each line of this joke into the appropriate role. Let me start by breaking down the joke line by line and determining the function of each part.

First, the joke starts with "Nosotros no somos capaces de estar felices ni un segundo y ellos que no tienen nada viven en la más extrema pobreza y están siempre, siempre contentos." This is introducing a contrast between two groups, setting up the situation. So, this would be establishing context.

Next line: "¿Y sabéis por qué?" This is a question that sets up the punchline, so it's the setup.

Then, "Porque son polígamos." This is the punchline, revealing the reason for the contrast, so punchline.

The following line: "Que son polígamos." This is a repetition of the punchline, so repetition.

Next, "Ellos pueden tener todas las mujeres que sean capaces de mantener y claro, como allí no hay tiendas de ropa, pues venga a follar que son dos días, ¿no?" This seems to be providing more explanation or elaboration on the punchline, perhaps adding some humorous context. This might be considered escalation or misdirection, but since it's expanding on the punchline, it could be escalation.

Then, "Claro. No, claro." This is a response that might be part of the escalation or could be a callback, but given the context, it's likely part of the escalation as it's reinforcing the previous statement.

Next, "Mira, 50 pavos de collares después, volvimos al hotel a cenar y nos sirve la cena a un keniata que le faltaban las dos paletas de delante y se queda al lado de la mesa esperando." This is introducing a new situation, so establishing context again.

Then, "Y mi novia, niño, por el amor de Dios, dale algo a este hombre que le hace mucha falta." This is a request or action, which could be part of the setup or escalation, but since it's introducing a new scenario, it might be establishing context.

Next, "Me rasqué el bolsillo de nuevo y le di la tarjeta de mi dentista." This is the action taken, which could be part of the escalation or the punchline, but since it's a resolution to the situation, it might be considered a wrap-up.

Finally, "Digo, para ti

=== Prompt 110 ===
 Make sure to use the exact labels from the list. Also, note that the joke is in Spanish. Please use the same labels as in the English version. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Please note that some lines may be non-line (i.e., not part of the joke) or may be repetition. Also, note that the joke may contain multiple punchlines. Now, please do the same for the given joke. The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are the same as in the English version. Please make sure that each line is labeled with exactly one label. Please note that the joke may contain multiple punchlines. Also, note that some lines may be non-line (i.e., not part of the joke) or may be repetition. Please do not add any explanations. Just the answer in the specified format. Please note that the joke may contain multiple punchlines. Also, note that some lines may be non-line (i.e., not part of the joke) or may be repetition. Please do not add any explanations. Just the answer in the format specified above.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand each part of the joke and assign the correct label. The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are the same as in English.

Starting with the first line: "Mira, se fue maldiciendo y le tenía que haber dado algo porque de verdad que se vengó." This seems like setting up the situation, maybe introducing the character's frustration. So, "establishing context" makes sense here.

Next line: "nos puso en la mesa para cenar a una pareja de recién casados de Zaragoza más pesados que sus muertos, pero que sus muertos, y anda que no cogen confianza rápido, esa gente..." This is introducing the scenario where the person is being criticized by a couple, so "setup" fits here as it's setting up the conflict.

Third line: "estaba yo comiendo, y viene el tío y me dice, oye, mira, que no te sepa mal, pero es que te estoy viendo comer y creo que es que te lo tengo que decir, ¿no crees que te sobran unos pocos de kilos?" This is the beginning of the interaction where the man starts commenting on

=== Prompt 111 ===
 I'll do my best to explain my reasoning. The joke is in Spanish, but I'll try to understand it. Let me break it down line by line.

First line: "Tengo novia y muy bien, y no voy a contar ni que me ha dejado, ni las tapas del váter, ni mierdas de esas." This seems to be setting up the situation - the speaker has a girlfriend and is doing well, but he's not going to talk about the breakup, the toilet taps, or other messy things. So this is probably establishing context.

Next line: "Simplemente el dato, por si la gente se lo cree, coño, que tengo novia." This is reinforcing the main point - the speaker wants to make it clear he has a girlfriend, maybe to counteract some skepticism. This could be part of the setup or maybe a bit of misdirection.

Third line: "Y cometo dos temeridades, cuidado, no solo la tengo, tengo novia y vivo con ella." Here, the speaker is escalating the situation by saying he's taking two risks (temeridades) - not only does he have a girlfriend, but he's living with her. This is definitely escalation.

Fourth line: "Y desde hace un mes, cuenta compartida." This adds more detail, showing the relationship is now more serious with a shared account. This is probably part of the escalation, showing the relationship is progressing.

Fifth line: "Estoy en un callejón sin salida." This is a bit of a twist - being in a dead end. This could be a subversion or a setup for the punchline.

Next line: "¿Qué será lo próximo? ¿Eh? ¿Qué será lo próximo?" This is a rhetorical question, building anticipation. This is likely part of the setup or escalation.

Then: "Cuando tengamos una hija, ponle de nombre Moussarrat." This is introducing a new element - naming a child. This could be a callback or a misdirection, as it's an unexpected twist.

Next line: "Porque ella es catalana y le gusta mucho." This explains why the name is chosen, providing context for the previous line. This is probably part of the setup or explanation.

Next line: "¿Qué es niño?Moussarrat también." This seems to be a play on words, suggesting that the name can be used for a child of any gender. This could be

=== Prompt 112 ===
 

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The first line is "Y claro, cuando vives en pareja, pues hay roces." That's setting up the situation, talking about living in a relationship having friction. So that's probably establishing context.

Next line: "¿Cómo no va a haber roces? Y choques." This seems like reinforcing the idea, maybe setup. But maybe it's part of the setup building up to the punchline. Wait, the third line: "Con tu pareja vives con tu pareja y chocas, coño." That's adding more to the situation, maybe escalation. Then the fourth line: "Yo vivo con mi pareja en un piso muy pequeño y chocamos constantemente." This is giving a specific example, so maybe escalation again, making it more concrete.

Then the dialogue starts: "¿Dónde vas? Vengo del baño. ¿Has cagado? Sí, pues cierra." This seems like the punchline. The sudden shift to the bathroom and the toilet humor is the twist. So that's the punchline. The last line "Y así siempre." is wrapping it up, reinforcing that it's a constant thing. So wrap-up. 

Wait, but the dialogue part is the actual punchline. The setup is the initial lines about living together and friction. The escalation is the specific example of the small apartment. Then the dialogue is the punchline with the bathroom and the toilet. Then the wrap-up is the last line. So labels would be:

Line 1: establishing context
Line 2: setup
Line 3: escalation
Line 4: escalation
Line 5: punchline
Line 6: punchline
Line 7: wrap-up

Wait, but the lines after the setup are part of the escalation, then the dialogue is the punchline. Let me check again. The first four lines set up the situation, then the dialogue is the actual punchline. The last line is a wrap-up. So the answer would be:

["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "escalation", "punchline", "punchline", "wrap-up"]


=== Prompt 113 ===
 Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the joke's structure and then assign each line to the appropriate label. Let me start by reading through the joke again to get a sense of the flow.

The joke starts with "Tus costumbres, las tuyas, cambian para siempre. O se desvanecen." This seems like an opening statement, maybe setting up a topic about habits changing. So maybe this is establishing context. Then the next line: "Vais a flipar con esto, pero mi novia no me remueve el colacao." The phrase "Vais a flipar" is Spanish for "You're going to be amazed," which is a setup for something surprising. So this might be the setup. 

Next line: "Que yo le digo, joder, que quedan grumos, coño." The speaker is explaining that he tells his girlfriend there are lumps (grumos), which could be a problem. This seems like escalation, building up the situation. Then: "Que me como la galleta y toso." The speaker eats a cookie and coughs, which is a physical reaction, adding to the humor. This might be escalation as well, making the situation more absurd.

Then the line: "Pues no, fliparéis más con esto No me corta las uñas de los pies." The speaker is saying that the surprise is even bigger, leading to the next line. This could be a subversion or escalation. The next line: "Eso lo ha hecho mi madre de toda la vida" explains that the mother has been doing this, which might be a redirection or misdirection, introducing a new element. 

Then: "Las 10 El único requisito, dúchate que me la deja blandas" mentions a requirement, which could be part of the setup or escalation. The line "Y yo viendo Estudio Estadio" seems like a non-sequitur or misdirection. The next line: "Y ella,clis,clis,clis Gliss,gliss,gliss." These sounds might be a callback to a previous element or a punchline. 

Wait, the user mentioned the labels: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Let me go line by line again.

1. "Tus cost

=== Prompt 114 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English. Each line should be classified.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. The user provided a Spanish joke and wants each line labeled with its role. The labels are in English, so I need to make sure I understand each part of the joke and assign the correct role.

First, let me read through the joke again to understand the flow. The joke starts with a statement about taste being lost with age, specifically when you get married. Then it mentions the wife taking over cooking and making beans that look like something else. The question is how to respond if you're newlywed, and the punchline is pretending they're delicious. The next line is a follow-up invitation.

Breaking it down line by line:

1. "El gusto es otro sentido que se pierde con los años." – This seems like setting up the premise. It's introducing the idea that taste diminishes with age, which is the context for the joke. So this is probably "establishing context."

2. "En cuanto te casas, se pierde el gusto." – This is expanding on the first line, connecting marriage to losing taste. It's building up the setup for the joke. So this might be "setup."

3. "A tu mujer le da por cocinar." – Now introducing the wife taking over cooking, which is part of the situation leading to the punchline. This could be "escalation" as it's moving the story forward.

4. "Y te prepara unas habichuelas que parecen peladillas." – Describing the specific dish that's not good, which is the setup for the punchline. This is likely "setup" or maybe "escalation."

5. "¿Qué le vas a decir si te acabas de casar?" – This is the question that sets up the situation, prompting the response. So this is "setup" or "escalation."

6. "¡Pues madre mía, qué buenas están!" – The punchline where the husband pretends the food is good despite it being bad. This is the "punchline."

7. "Mañana te invito a comer." – This seems like a follow-up, maybe a "callback" or "redirection" because it's the husband's response to the wife's cooking, possibly hinting at the previous joke. Wait, but the original joke ends after the punchline. Wait, the user included "Mañana te inv

=== Prompt 115 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but you can classify it regardless of the language. To be precise, each line is labeled with the correct role in the joke. The joke has 15 lines. So the answer should be a list of 15 elements. The answer must be in JSON format, with the labels in the order of the lines of the joke.
Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke. The user provided a Spanish joke, and I need to label each line with its role in the joke structure. The labels include things like establishing context, setup, escalation, etc.

Let me start by reading through the joke line by line and understanding the flow. The joke starts with "No hay que ser tan exigentes, que tampoco digo yo que haya que conformarse con cualquier cosa..." which seems like a general statement, maybe setting the stage. Then there's a mention of eating raw peanuts and questioning who peels them. That might be the setup for a joke about something being taken for granted. 

The next lines talk about taking peanuts to a nursing home, which could be a twist or a subversion. Then there's a comment about people being silly, followed by a transition to gyms. The gym lines discuss changes in gyms, like staying open late, music, mirrors. The mirrors part might be a misdirection or a setup for a punchline. 

The line "¡Espejos en un gimnasio! A ver, ¿para qué?" seems like a question that sets up the punchline. Then the speaker says they know how they are, implying they might be going to the gym. The next lines suggest gyms should be for people who can't exercise, and those who can should go to a "pijo" place, which might be a play on words or a punchline. 

Now, breaking it down line by line:

1. "No hay que ser tan exigentes..." – This seems like establishing context, setting the tone.
2. "que tampoco digo yo que haya que conformarse con cualquier cosa..." – Maybe part of the setup, building the initial premise.
3. "como cuando se puso de moda comer pipas peladas..." – Introducing the example (peanuts), setup.
4. "que nadie se preguntó, ¿y quién las pela?" – The question, maybe setup or escalation.
5. "

=== Prompt 116 ===
 I will give you the joke again:

Que iba un tío que se pasaba una hora en la cinta de andar, media hora en la bicicleta hasta Tiquieta y venía al gimnasio en coche...
¿a qué vienes?¿a que te veamos los músculos?
¡Ve esta la mierda, hombre! END OF JOKE.
Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The first line is "Que iba un tío que se pasaba una hora en la cinta de andar, media hora en la bicicleta hasta Tiquieta y venía al gimnasio en coche..." This sets up the scenario of a guy spending a lot of time exercising to get to the gym. So that's probably establishing context. 

Next, the second line is "¿a qué vienes?¿a que te veamos los músculos?" This seems like the setup, where someone is asking why he's coming, expecting him to show off his muscles. Then the punchline is "¡Ve esta la mierda, hombre!" which is a surprise, indicating that instead of showing muscles, he's actually in a bad state, maybe because he's been exercising too much. 

Wait, but the last line is "END OF JOKE." So maybe that's the wrap-up. Let me check again. The first line establishes the context of the guy's exercise routine. The second line is the setup, leading up to the punchline. The third line is the punchline itself, which subverts the expectation. The END OF JOKE is just a marker, so maybe that's non-line. 

Wait, the user said to classify each line. So the first line is establishing context. The second line is the setup, leading to the question. Then the third line is the punchline. The END OF JOKE is probably non-line. Let me confirm the labels again. The first line sets up the scenario, so establishing context. The second line is the setup, the question. The third line is the punchline. The END is non-line. So the labels would be: establishing context, setup, punchline, non-line.
Okay, I think that's it. Let me make sure there's no misdirection or other elements. The punchline subverts the expectation, so maybe subversion? Wait, the setup is the question, and the punchline is the unexpected answer. So the

=== Prompt 117 ===
 The joke has 5 lines. The first line is "yo quiero ir al gimnasio y ver a gente como yo o peor...". The second line is "...que vea un gordo en una bici y diga yo estaré mal pero ese no va a adelgazar nunca...". The third line is "el gordo¡Suda,cabrón,suda!". The fourth line is "END OF JOKE". The fifth line is "Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role...". The sixth line is "Your final answer should take the form...". The seventh line is "

=== Prompt 118 ===
 The joke has 6 lines. So the answer should have 6 elements in the list. The labels should be in the same order as the lines in the joke.
Okay, let's break down this joke line by line to classify each part. 

First line: "Porque somos mala gente." That's the setup, right? It introduces the reason or the premise. So maybe "establishing context" or "setup". Wait, setup is more about leading into the punchline. But the first line is stating a reason, so maybe "establishing context" sets the stage for the joke.

Second line: "Pero yo estoy intentando ser mejor persona." This is a contrast, introducing a personal effort to be better. So this is part of the setup, building up to the punchline. Maybe "setup" here.

Third line: "Así que he apadrinado a un niño del tercer mundo." This is the action taken to be a better person, which seems like the setup leading to the punchline. So "setup" again.

Fourth line: "¿Alguien más que haga cosas para desgrabar en Hacienda?" This is a question that might be a callback or a misdirection. Wait, "desgrabar en Hacienda" refers to tax deductions, so maybe the humor is in the confusion between helping a child and tax deductions. This line might be a setup for the punchline, but maybe it's a misdirection or a callback. Wait, the next line is a response to this question.

Fifth line: "No lo hagáis." This is a direct answer to the previous question, which could be the punchline. But the line before was a question, so maybe this is the punchline. Wait, the punchline is the unexpected twist. Let me think again.

Wait, the fifth line is a response to the fourth line. The fourth line is asking if anyone else does things to get tax deductions, and the fifth line says "Don't do it." Then the sixth line says "It's a mess." So the punchline is the fifth and sixth lines. Let me check each line again.

First line: Establishing context (the reason for being bad people). Second line: Setup (personal effort to be better). Third line: Setup (action taken). Fourth line: Setup (question about tax deductions). Fifth line: Answer to the question, which is the punchline? Or maybe the fifth line is

=== Prompt 119 ===
 (Do not use markdown in your answer, and do not include any other text.)

{"ANSWER":["establishing context","setup","escalation","subversion","callback","misdirection","timing","meta-humor","punchline","redirection","non-line","wrap-up","repetition"]}

=== Prompt 120 ===
 The joke is as follows:

Nadie se preocupa de los pobres, ¿a que no?
Los que se preocupan, se preocupan mal.
Un ejemplo, Antonio Abad, creador de la plataforma tecnológica Megafon.net destinada a que gente en riesgo de exclusión social compartiera archivos de vídeo, imagen, sonido...
Muy buena idea, Antonio.
Si no fuera porque la gente que está en riesgo de exclusión social no tiene Internet. END OF JOKE.
Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke and the role each part plays. Let me start by breaking down each line one by one.

The first line is "Nadie se preocupa de los pobres, ¿a que no?" which translates to "Nobody cares about the poor, do they?" This seems like a setup, maybe setting up the premise that people don't care about the poor. But I'm not entirely sure yet. Maybe it's establishing context?

The second line is "Los que se preocupan, se preocupan mal." which means "Those who do care, do so incorrectly." This could be the setup, building on the first line by saying that even those who care are doing it wrong. So maybe this is part of the setup.

Third line: "Un ejemplo, Antonio Abad, creador de la plataforma tecnológica Megafon.net destinada a que gente en riesgo de exclusión social compartiera archivos de vídeo, imagen, sonido..." This introduces an example, Antonio Abad and his platform. This seems like an example to illustrate the point made in the previous lines. So maybe this is part of the escalation or setup, providing a specific instance.

Fourth line: "Muy buena idea, Antonio." This is a positive comment on the idea, which might be part of the setup leading to the punchline. It's a compliment, but perhaps it's a misdirection because the next line contradicts it.

Fifth line: "Si no fuera porque la gente que está en riesgo de exclusión social no tiene Internet." This is the punchline, pointing out the flaw in the idea. The previous lines set up the idea that Antonio's platform is a good idea, but this line subverts it by stating that the target audience doesn't have internet access. So this is the punchline.

Wait, but the user wants each line classified.

=== Prompt 121 ===
 The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition.
Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants each line labeled with its role in the joke structure. Let me start by understanding each part.

First line: "¿Cuál es tu próximo proyecto, Antonio?" – This is someone asking Antonio about his next project. It sets the scene, so this is probably establishing context.

Second line: "¿Vas a organizar un torneo de golf en Damasco ¿Para que los refugiados sirios mejoren su swing?" – The person is suggesting a ridiculous idea, a golf tournament in Damascus for Syrian refugees. This seems like the setup, introducing the absurd plan.

Third line: "¿Son esos tus planes, Antonio?" – The other person is confirming if that's Antonio's plan. This might be part of the setup or escalation, but maybe it's just continuing the conversation.

Fourth line: "No me gustan los deportes, pero ahora tengo un crío." – Antonio responds, saying he doesn't like sports but has a kid now. This is a shift, maybe subversion or a redirection.

Fifth line: "Cuando tienes un crío, tienes un nuevo superpoder." – The speaker mentions having a kid gives a new superpower. This could be escalation or setup for the punchline.

Sixth line: "Fingir interés." – The punchline here, suggesting the superpower is pretending to care. That's the punchline.

Seventh line: "Os voy a dar un ejemplo." – This might be a callback or a redirection, but since the joke ends here, maybe it's the wrap-up. Wait, the original joke ends after "Fingir interés." The last line is "Os voy a dar un ejemplo." which is part of the setup? Or maybe it's the punchline? Wait, the original joke ends with "Fingir interés." and then the next line is "Os voy a dar un ejemplo." which might be the punchline? Wait, the user's example ends with "Fingir interés." and then "Os voy a dar un ejemplo." which is the last line. Let me check again.

Wait, the user's joke is:

Line 1: ¿Cuál es tu próximo proyecto, Antonio?
Line 2: ¿Vas a organizar

=== Prompt 122 ===
 Each line should be assigned a label. The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English.
Okay, let's break down this joke step by step. The user wants each line classified into specific labels. The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English. Let me start by understanding the joke's structure.

First line: "Otro día estaba en mi habitación haciéndome una paja." Translating that, it's "Another day I was in my room giving myself a handjob." This sets the scene, so it's probably establishing context. The speaker is in a situation, so that's the setup.

Second line: "De repente me llama el crío." "Suddenly the kid calls me." The kid is a child, which is a contrast to the previous action. This might be a setup or maybe misdirection. Wait, the kid is the child, so maybe this is the setup for the punchline. But the next line is the kid calling, which could be the setup leading to the punchline.

Third line: "¡Papá, papá, papá!" "Dad, dad, dad!" This is the kid's call, which is the setup for the punchline. The repetition of "papá" might be part of the setup or maybe the escalation. But since the kid is interrupting the speaker's activity, this could be the setup leading to the punchline.

Fourth line: "¡Frené!\n¡Frené!" "I stopped! I stopped!" This is the punchline. The kid's call causes the speaker to stop, which is the unexpected twist. So this is the punchline. But wait, the lines are split here. The first "¡Frené!" is the first line, then the second "¡Frené!" is the next line. So each "Frené" is part of the punchline. Maybe the first "Frené" is the setup, and the second is the punchline? Or both are part of the punchline. Alternatively, the first "Frené" could be the setup, and the second is the punchline. Wait, the structure is: the kid calls, then the speaker says "Frené" twice. The repetition here might be the punchline.

Fifth line: "Que te puede dar un crisis." "What can you give a crisis." This is the punchline. The speaker is saying that stopping suddenly could

=== Prompt 123 ===
 I'll do my best to explain my reasoning as I go.
Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The first line is "Salgo corriendo con los huevos azules, entro en el salón y veo a mi hijo jugando a la Wii". The person is running with blue eggs, entering the living room, and sees their son playing Wii. That seems like setting up the scene, so maybe "establishing context".

Next line: "Mira papá, soy campeón de la copa caparazón con cupa trupa". The son says he's the champion of the "copa caparazón con cupa trupa". The terms "copa caparazón" and "cupa trupa" are probably a play on words. "Copa" can mean cup or trophy, "caparazón" is shell, and "trupa" might be a play on "trupan" or something else. This might be the setup for the punchline, so maybe "setup".

Then the father says, "Genial Diego, voy a mi habitación a por la bandera de los campeones, tardar 15 minutos". He's going to get the champion's flag, taking 15 minutes. This seems like the escalation, building up to the twist. So "escalation".

The next line is "Gracias." That's a simple thank you, which might be a callback or maybe a misdirection. Wait, maybe it's the punchline? Wait, the joke's end is the father going to get the flag, but the son is playing a game. The "cupa trupa" might be a play on "cupa trupa" which sounds like "cupa trupa" (maybe "cupa" as in cup and "trupa" as a group, but the actual meaning is unclear). Alternatively, maybe "copa caparazón" refers to a shell cup, and "cupa trupa" is a play on "cupa" (maybe a typo for "copia" or "cupa" as in a type of shell?) and "trupa" as a group. The father's response is going to get the flag, which is a normal reaction, but the punchline might be that the son is actually playing a game involving shells, and the father is reacting to that. Wait, the original joke might have a translation issue.

=== Prompt 124 ===
 The joke is as follows:
Otra cosa por la que vengo a quejarme, Letizia Sabater.
¿Viste la noticia esa de Letizia Sabater?
Lo del... Lo del toto.
Para el que no lo sepa, Letizia Sabater se gastó 6.000 euros para operarse el toto y volver a ser virgen, ¿vale?
6.000 euros para un uso. END OF JOKE.
Okay, let me try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to recall the labels: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition.

The joke starts with "Otra cosa por la que vengo a quejarme, Letizia Sabater." That sounds like someone is complaining about something related to Letizia Sabater. Maybe setting up the context for the joke. So maybe "establishing context" for the first line.

Next line: "¿Viste la noticia esa de Letizia Sabater?" This is a question asking if someone saw a news about her. This seems like setting up the topic, so maybe "setup".

Third line: "Lo del... Lo del toto." The repetition of "Lo del" might be a way to build anticipation or hint at the topic. Maybe "escalation" here because it's leading up to the punchline.

Fourth line: "Para el que no lo sepa, Letizia Sabater se gastó 6.000 euros para operarse el toto y volver a ser virgen, ¿vale?" This is explaining the situation, providing the setup for the punchline. So this might be "setup" or "escalation"? Wait, the setup is usually the part that introduces the situation, so maybe this is the setup. But the previous line was already setup. Maybe this is the actual setup, expanding on the initial mention.

Then the last line: "6.000 euros para un uso." This is the punchline, because it's the unexpected twist. The mention of spending 6k for a single use, which is the punchline. So that's "punchline".

Wait, but the line before that explains the situation, so maybe that's the setup. Let me check again.

First line: Establishing context (introducing the complaint about Letizia Sabater).



=== Prompt 125 ===
 I'll give you the joke in the next message.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke and identify each part's role. The user provided a multi-line joke in Spanish, and I need to label each line with specific roles like establishing context, setup, escalation, etc.

Starting with the first line: "Que yo me lo imagino, todos lo imaginamos, llegando ahí a la consulta al cirujano, al doctor, a plantearle el tema y decirle, hola, buenas, doctor, venía porque quería que usted me operase," This seems like setting up the scenario. The speaker is imagining a situation where someone goes to a doctor's office. So this is probably establishing context.

Next line: "Me imagino que el doctor le dijo, ah, muy bien, tenemos un láser que te va a dejar los ojos perfectos." Here, the doctor is introduced with a solution (laser for eyes). This is part of the setup, building up the situation.

Then: "Y ella, ¿qué pasa con mis ojos, doctor?" The patient is asking about her eyes. This is the setup leading to the punchline, maybe the escalation?

Next: "Creo que ella no lo sabe, lo de los ojos, ¿sabes?" The speaker is indicating the patient doesn't know about her eyes, which might be a misdirection or setup for a twist.

Then: "Me la imagino ahí, ¿qué pasa con mis ojos, doctor?" Repeating the patient's question, possibly for emphasis or setup. Maybe repetition here.

Continuing: "Y el doctor allí, ¿qué pasa con mis ojos?" The doctor is asked the same question again, which might be escalation or setup for the punchline.

Next: "Y el doctor allí, ¿eh?" The doctor's response is vague, maybe a misdirection or setup.

Then the speaker shifts to talking about hoverboards: "Otra cosa por la que vengo a quejarme, los patinetes, estos que se han puesto de moda..." This is introducing a new topic, so maybe redirection or establishing context for a new part of the joke.

"¿sabéis lo que os digo?" This is a setup for the next part, perhaps escalation.

"Estos que solo tienes que hacer así como..." Describing the hoverboard, setup for the punchline.

"

=== Prompt 126 ===
 So the first line is "¿Cómo estáis?" which is a greeting, so that's establishing context. The second line is "¿Alguien tiene Spotify?" which is a question, so that's setup. The third line is "Qué ridículo, ¿verdad?" which is a comment, so that's misdirection. The fourth line is "Entrar aquí, un montón de desconocidos y yo... ¿Tienes Spotify?" which is a question, so that's setup. The fifth line is "Si imagináis a alguien por la calle... ¿Tienes Spotify?" which is a question, so that's setup. The sixth line is "Pero del normal o del pre..." which is a comment, so that's misdirection. The seventh line is "¿Alguien tiene del gratis?" which is a question, so that's setup. The eighth line is "¡Gratis!" which is an exclamation, so that's escalation. The ninth line is "¿Tienes Spotify gratis?" which is a question, so that's setup. The tenth line is "¿Quién tiene Spotify gratis?" which is a question, so that's setup. The eleventh line is "Yo también" which is a statement, so that's repetition. The twelfth line is "Es mejor, porque es gratis" which is a statement, so that's repetition. The thirteenth line is "¿No os jode cuando estáis con vuestra lista de Spotify guay, hecha, elaborada, ¿sabes?" which is a question, so that's setup. The fourteenth line is "Para vuestro momento quizá de relax o de trabajo, ¿sabes?" which is a statement, so that's setup. The fifteenth line is "Y os lo joden con anuncios" which is a statement, so that's escalation. The sixteenth line is "Es que cabrones, ¿no?" which is a statement, so that's escalation. The seventeenth line is "Hijos de puta, queréis amortizar vuestro negocio" which is a statement, so that's escalation. The eighteenth line is "Cabrones" which is a statement, so that's escalation. The nineteenth line is "¿Cuánto cuesta el Spotify Premium?" which is a question, so that's setup. The twentieth line is "Es una mierda" which is a statement, so that's escalation. The twenty-first line is "

=== Prompt 127 ===
 Each line is labeled with the most accurate label. Please use the following labels: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. You must not add any other information. Please make sure that the number of labels is equal to the number of lines in the joke.

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the joke line by line. The user provided a multi-line joke in Spanish, and I need to assign each line a label from the given categories. Let me start by breaking down each line and figuring out its role.

The first line is "Porque el otro es gratis, ¿sabes?" which translates to "Because the other one is free, you know?" This seems like it's setting up a situation or a premise. Maybe it's establishing the context of why someone might choose one thing over another. So I'll label this as "establishing context."

Next line: "El otro es menos." Translating to "The other one is less." This could be contrasting the free option with something else, perhaps setting up a comparison. So this might be part of the setup, but maybe it's escalation as it's adding more to the situation. Wait, the first line is establishing context, and this line is providing more information, so maybe "setup."

Third line: "Es menos y por eso no hago el premio." "It's less and that's why I don't do the prize." This seems like a consequence of the previous statements, so maybe escalation. It's explaining the reason for not doing the prize, building up the situation.

Fourth line: "Y los hijos de puta deben tener un algoritmo o algo así que tú sabes, ellos calculan, ¿no?" "And those bastards must have an algorithm or something like that, you know, they calculate, right?" This introduces the idea that there's an algorithm or system involved, which could be a setup for the joke's punchline. So this might be "setup" or "escalation" as it's introducing the concept of an algorithm.

Fifth line: "Si tú estás, yo escucho David Bowie, Lurid y tal." "If you're there, I listen to David Bowie, Lurid and such." This seems like a hypothetical scenario, maybe setting up a condition for the joke. So "setup" again.



=== Prompt 128 ===
 The joke has been written in Spanish, but you can classify it in English. Please use the labels as defined. The labels should be in the order of the lines in the joke.
Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants each line classified into specific roles like setup, punchline, etc. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke.

The first line is "soy un cerdo, soy un miserable por no pagar los cuatro céntimos que me piden, ¿sabes?" The speaker is introducing themselves as a pig and a miserable person for not paying four cents. This seems like establishing context because it sets up the situation where the person is being criticized for not paying a small fee, possibly related to a service like Spotify.

Next line: "por tener música ilimitada para siempre". This explains why they're being charged four cents—because of unlimited music forever. This is part of the setup, explaining the reason for the fee.

Then, "Y yo aún así no, porque lo otro es nada, lo otro es la nada y contra eso no se puede competir." The speaker says they still don't pay, arguing that the other thing (the fee) is nothing. This is escalation because they're intensifying their stance against paying, maybe leading to the punchline.

Next line: "Y la nada es menos, siempre." Reiterating that nothing is less, which might be part of the escalation or a repetition. Maybe it's a repetition to emphasize the point.

Then, "Y hay un razonamiento que quizás es equívoco en mi cabeza, pero es que cuando estoy escuchando música y sale un anuncio es como si yo estuviera ganando pasta." Here, the speaker introduces a flawed reasoning that watching ads is like earning money. This is setup for the joke, leading into the punchline.

Next line: "Y me estáis jodiendo la lista así, pero dame más, estoy ganando dinero, dame más." The speaker is being annoyed but wants more ads, thinking they're earning money. This is escalation, building up to the punchline.

Then, "Y cuantos más anuncios es como, extrañamente, es como que más pasta estoy ganando." More ads mean more money, which is a humorous twist. This might be part of the escalation or setup.

Next line: "y me parece bien porque yo soy consciente que soy un mierda" The speaker

=== Prompt 129 ===
 

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the joke's structure. The user provided a Spanish joke, so I'll need to parse it line by line. Let me start by breaking down each line and determining its role.

The first line: "era un puente o navidades o yo qué sé" – This seems like setting the scene, maybe introducing a situation. So that's establishing context.

Next line: "y era como un anuncio de eh tío, si la gente te está esperando en casa no conduzcas rápido, no mires el móvil mientras conduces no bebas..." – This is introducing the ad's content, which is the setup for the joke. So setup.

Then: "y era un anuncio bonito emotivo, que te hacía tomar conciencia de lo que realmente importa... y se lo estás mandando a la gente equivocada" – Here, the speaker is pointing out that the ad is being sent to the wrong people. This is a twist, so maybe subversion or escalation?

Next line: "¿Sabes?" – This is a rhetorical question, possibly a pause or a marker for the punchline. Maybe misdirection or timing?

Then: "Porque ese anuncio está llegando a la gente que tenemos Spotify gratis y la gente que paga Premium no les va a llegar, ¿sabes?" – This explains why the ad is being sent to the wrong people, which is the escalation part. It's building up the problem.

Continuing: "Y entonces,esa gente no va a saber...se van a matar todos." – This is the consequence of the ad being sent to the wrong people, so escalation again.

Next: "Y si todo va bien... al final vas a conseguir un mundo de mierdas, de hijos de puta como yo tacaños, ¿sabes?" – This is the punchline, highlighting the negative outcome, so punchline.

Then: "Y no, no, no, no, no, no, no." – This is a repetition, maybe emphasizing the point, so repetition.

Next: "Pon unos anuncios de,hey,bebe y conduce,sé feliz,tío,¿sabes?" – This is a suggestion to change the ad, which could be a redirection or a callback.

Then: "Mezcla ansiolíticos con antidepresivos, ¿sabes?" –

=== Prompt 130 ===
 and the labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Please provide the labels in order corresponding to the lines in the joke.
Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the joke's structure. The user provided a joke in Spanish, and I need to analyze each line to determine its role in the comedic structure.

Starting with the first line: "Hay algunas, muchas parejas, independientemente de sexo, esto pasa en casi todas las parejas, siempre hay uno que duerme fenomenal y otro que no tanto, ¿no?" This seems to be setting up a common situation, so I think this is establishing context. It's introducing the premise about couples and insomnia.

Next line: "Entonces los que somos la parte insomne de los que no podemos dormir, pues a veces dices, pues ¿qué hago para dormir?" Here, the speaker is talking about themselves as the insomniac, so this might be setup, building up to the problem. Maybe setup?

Then: "Pues me quedo viendo un poco Cuarto Milenio hasta que me quedo dormido." The mention of watching a show (Cuarto Milenio, which I think is a Spanish TV show) as a method to fall asleep. This is part of the setup, explaining the approach to sleep.

Next: "Vale, vale" – this is a response, possibly a dismissive reaction, maybe misdirection or timing? Not sure yet.

Then: "Pero hay días que dices Es que son las 3 y me levanto a las 7" – this escalates the problem, showing the struggle with insomnia. So escalation.

"Pero hay días que dices Es que son las 3 y me levanto a las 7" – wait, maybe that's the same line. Then: "No tengo presupuesto para ir yéndome a dormir" – this is another escalation, explaining the problem's persistence.

"Tengo que dormirme ya" – this is the urgency, so maybe escalation or setup?

Then: "¿Cuál es la manera más rápida De dormir?" – this is the setup for the punchline, so setup.

"La más rápida, la más eficaz" – repetition or setup

=== Prompt 131 ===
 So, I need to classify each line of this joke into one of the specified categories. Let me start by understanding the joke first.

The joke is in Spanish, so I'll need to parse it carefully. Let me break it down line by line.

First line: "No puedo, eso es una putada, me hago mayor, me hago viejo y no me gusta." This seems like the speaker is expressing frustration about getting older. It's the setup, introducing the problem or the main point.

Second line: "El otro día veo unos jovenzuelos de 15 años ahí perdiendo el tiempo, ya me salió, les tuve que decir." The speaker sees some teenagers wasting time and decides to talk to them. This is probably the setup continuing, setting up the situation where the speaker will address the teenagers.

Third line: "Les digo, chavalería, ¿no? Porque así les llamamos nosotros los mayores." The speaker addresses the teenagers, using a term of endearment or a nickname. This might be the setup for the punchline, as it's introducing the speaker's perspective.

Fourth line: "Les digo, chavalería, no perdéis el tiempo ahora que sois jóvenes, porque cuando tengáis mi edad ya no vais a tener la misma ilusión por las cosas." The speaker is giving advice to the teenagers about not wasting time, because when they are older they won't have the same enthusiasm. This is the setup leading to the punchline, where the speaker's advice is challenged.

Fifth line: "Se me quedaron mirando y me dice, tío, ¿qué te pasa?" The teenagers respond, showing confusion or curiosity. This is a response to the speaker's advice, possibly setting up for the punchline.

Sixth line: "En serio, mírame, tengo barba." The speaker points out that he has a beard, which is a physical characteristic. This might be a subversion or a callback, as it's a humorous twist.

Seventh line: "Mírate a ti, gilipollas, sin verbe." The teenager responds with a sarcastic remark, pointing out the speaker's lack of beard. This is the punchline, as it's the unexpected twist that resolves the joke.

Now, I need to assign each line to the appropriate label. Let me go through each line again:

1. "No puedo, eso es una put

=== Prompt 132 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but the classification is language-agnostic. The labels are in English. Please ensure that the labels are assigned to each line in the order they appear in the joke. The joke has 15 lines. Please do not use any other labels than the ones listed. The joke is as follows:

Line 1: Con este poco respeto nos trata la juventud de ahora, ¿no?
Line 2: Claro, están todo el día enganchados a la maquinita, al iPhone 6.
Line 3: En mi época nos conformamos con menos, teníamos el iPhone 5.
Line 4: Eran otros tiempos, ¿vale?
Line 5: Pero, no sé, la música que escuchan ahora, los gemeliers y la gozadera y todas estas mierdas.
Line 6: En mi época íbamos más a lo clásico, ¿no? Al guaca guaca, al Gangnam Style.
Line 7: No, y no es lo mismo.
Line 8: Me estoy haciendo mayor, eso.
Line 9: Me hago mayor, pero no a nivel físico.
Line 10: Al parecer, ¿no?
Line 11: Me hago mayor a nivel legal, a nivel mental, pero no a nivel físico.
Line 12: Físicamente estoy por actualizar,¿no?
Line 13: Soy una Blackberry todavía.
Line 14: Y no sé por dónde puede ir, ¿no?
Line 15: No sé por dónde puede ir mi desarrollo, ¿no?

Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. The user wants each line labeled with one of the specified roles. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke. Let me go through each line step by step.

Line 1: "Con este poco respeto nos trata la juventud de ahora, ¿no?" – This seems like the opening line, setting up the topic. It's probably the **establishing context** because it introduces the subject of the joke, which is the disrespect of the youth towards older generations.

Line 2: "Claro, están todo el día enganchados a la maquinita, al iPhone 6." – This line provides a specific example of the youth's behavior, so it's **setup**. It's

=== Prompt 133 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English. Each line should be classified, with the exception of the "Gracias por ver el video." line, which is a wrap-up. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Please note that the joke has multiple punchlines, and each line should be labeled accordingly.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. The user provided a Spanish joke and wants each line labeled with specific roles. The labels include things like establishing context, setup, escalation, etc. The last line is a wrap-up, so I need to make sure that's handled. 

First, I need to understand the joke structure. The speaker starts by talking about having two older brothers, one 10 years older and the other 8. That's establishing context. Then they mention the problem of baldness, which is the setup for the joke. The "50-50" part is probably the setup, leading to the escalation where they talk about looking at each side and the dilemma. The subversion might come when they compare the brother's baldness to someone like Jason Statham, which is a twist. The punchline is the comparison to Gandhi with AIDS, which is a humorous exaggeration. The redirection might be when they mention the brother's hairstyle. The meta-humor could be the self-awareness about looking like Gandhi. The wrap-up is the thanks at the end. 

Wait, the user said the last line is a wrap-up, so that's straightforward. Now, each line needs to be classified. Let me go line by line.

First line: "Tengo dos hermanos mayores." That's establishing context because it sets up the scenario.

Second line: "Uno me saca 10 años, el otro 8." Also establishing context, giving more details about the brothers' age difference.

Third line: "Es una putada, ¿no? Porque uno se está quedando calvo y el otro no." This is the setup, introducing the problem of baldness.

Fourth line: "¿Sabes? Hay un 50-50, un calva o cruz que me trae de cabeza." Setup continues, introducing the 50-50 chance, which is the dilemma.

Fifth line: "Y lo llevo fatal, ¿no?" Escalation, showing

=== Prompt 134 ===
 The labels are as follows: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Please make sure to use the exact label names. Do not use any other text.
Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants each line labeled with its role in the joke structure. Let me start by understanding the joke's flow.

First line: "Pues acabo de cumplir 39 años." That's the speaker announcing their age. This seems like establishing context because it sets the scene by introducing the age as a key point.

Second line: "No hagáis eso, es una edad de mierda." The speaker is reacting negatively to the age. This is probably setup because it's introducing the problem or the main point of the joke.

Third line: "Es una edad de mierda sobre todo cuando te das cuenta de que no tienes la vida que tú pensabas que ibas a tener." Here, they elaborate on why it's bad, explaining the disappointment. This is escalation because it's adding more depth to the problem, making it worse.

Fourth line: "Yo pensaba que a esta edad parecería un madurito interesante." The speaker contrasts their expectation with reality. This might be setup or escalation, but since it's introducing their expectation, maybe setup. Wait, but the previous lines were about the negative aspect. Maybe this is part of the setup, contrasting expectation vs reality.

Fifth line: "Parezco un alcohólico divorciado." The punchline here, comparing their current state to a negative stereotype. This is the punchline because it's the unexpected twist.

Sixth line: "No es lo mismo, no es lo mismo." Repeating "no es lo mismo" to emphasize the contrast. This could be a callback or repetition. Since it's repeating the phrase from the previous line, maybe repetition. But it's also reinforcing the punchline, so maybe callback? Wait, the first "No es lo mismo" is in the fifth line, and the sixth line repeats it. So the sixth line is repetition. But the fifth line is the punchline, and the sixth line is a repetition of the same phrase, which might be a callback to the setup or a way to emphasize the point. Alternatively, maybe the sixth line is a callback to the setup where the speaker said "No hag

=== Prompt 135 ===
 The joke is in Spanish. Please use Spanish labels for the classification. You should not make up labels. Use the exact labels from the given list. The joke has 9 lines. Please make sure your answer has exactly 9 elements. You can use the same label multiple times. Also, make sure that the labels are in the same order as the lines. The joke is as follows:
Line 1: ¿Sabes cuando pasas de ser el chico raro al viejo loco?
Line 2: No, no es lo mismo
Line 3: Cuando yo era joven, en los 90 Tenía unos pantalones vaqueros todos rotos
Line 4: ¿No? En la época del grunge, ¿vale?
Line 5: Me los ponía y la gente me decía Eh, Deni, te has hecho punk, ¿no?
Line 6: Si me los pusiera ahora, la gente me diría Eh, Deni, te has caído, ¿no?
Line 7: Te has lastimado, ¿te acuerdas de mí?
Line 8: Te has cagado,Deni
Line 9: ¿Sabes lo peor de todo? END OF JOKE.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. The user wants each line labeled with its role in the joke structure. Let me start by understanding the joke first.

The joke is in Spanish, so I need to make sure I understand the context. The setup seems to be about someone transitioning from being a weird kid to an old crazy person. The punchline is about the difference in how people react to the same thing (ripped jeans) in different eras. 

Line 1: "¿Sabes cuando pasas de ser el chico raro al viejo loco?" – This is the setup, introducing the main topic. So label "setup".

Line 2: "No, no es lo mismo" – The listener's response, which is part of the setup as it's a reaction to the initial question. Maybe "establishing context" or "setup". Wait, the first line is the setup, the second line is the listener's response, which is part of the setup as it's clarifying or reacting. Maybe "establishing context".

Line 3: "Cuando yo era joven, en los 90 Tenía unos pantalones vaqueros todos rotos" – This is introducing the

=== Prompt 136 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English. The joke is about a man's four-year-old niece and his attempts to avoid looking suspicious while holding her hand in public. The joke's punchline is the last sentence, "Gracias." The joke is a single joke, not a series of jokes. The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English.
Okay, let's break down this joke. The user wants each line classified into specific roles. The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English. The main punchline is "Gracias." Let me go through each line step by step.

First line: "Que yo tengo una sobrinita, tiene cuatro años, ¿sabes?" – This introduces the topic, so it's establishing context. The speaker mentions having a four-year-old niece, setting up the situation.

Second line: "Y la adoro." – This shows the speaker's affection, adding to the context by explaining his feelings towards the niece. Still part of establishing context.

Third line: "Y da igual que me ponga mi mejor ropa, que me duche, que me ase, ¿sabes?" – Here, the speaker is emphasizing how much he prepares, which sets up the problem. This is part of the setup because it's building towards the conflict.

Fourth line: "Soy incapaz de llevarla por la calle de la mano sin parecer sospechoso." – This is the setup's climax. He's saying he can't hold her hand without looking suspicious, which is the main conflict. So this is the setup.

Fifth line: "Que alguno puede pensar, pues sonríe, es peor." – This line adds to the escalation. The speaker is explaining that even smiling might make him look worse, which escalates the problem. So this is escalation.

Sixth line: "Gracias." – The punchline here. The speaker thanks someone, which is unexpected and resolves the situation. This is the punchline.

Wait, but the user mentioned the punchline is the last sentence. So the last line is the punchline. The previous lines build up to that. Let me check again.

Establishing context: first two lines. Setup: third and fourth lines. Escalation: fifth line. Punchline: sixth line. The rest are part of the setup and escalation. The "Gracias" is the punchline. So the labels would be:

Line 1

=== Prompt 137 ===
 

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The first line is "¿Sabéis lo que es el capitalismo?" which translates to "Do you know what capitalism is?" That seems like the setup because it's introducing the topic and prompting the audience to think about it. 

The second line is "Sí, lo sabéis, sí, lo sabéis." The speaker is affirming that the audience knows, which might be setting up for a contrast or a twist. But wait, maybe this is part of the setup? Or could it be a repetition? Wait, the third line is "Esa cosa que es como el queso de cabrales, más rico contra más podrido está." This is comparing capitalism to a type of cheese, specifically Cabrales, which is a strong, pungent cheese. The metaphor here is the punchline because it's the unexpected comparison that delivers the joke. 

But let me check again. The first line sets up the question. The second line is the audience's response, but in the joke, the speaker is addressing the audience, so maybe the second line is part of the setup. Then the third line is the punchline. Wait, the structure here is similar to some jokes where the setup is the question, then the speaker responds with a statement that's part of the setup, and then the punchline comes. 

Wait, the first line is the setup. The second line is the speaker's response, which might be a repetition of the audience's answer. Then the third line is the punchline. So the labels would be: first line setup, second line maybe repetition or escalation, third line punchline. But the user's example might have different labels. Let me think again. 

Alternatively, the first line is establishing context. The second line is repetition, and the third line is the punchline. But the user's labels include "setup," "escalation," "subversion," "punchline," etc. 

Wait, the first line is asking the question, so that's the setup. The second line is the speaker's affirmation, which could be part of the setup or maybe a repetition. The third line is the punchline, making the comparison. So the labels would be: first line setup, second line repetition, third line punchline. 

But I need to check if there's any other elements. The joke is in Spanish, so maybe the structure is different. Let me think of the standard joke structure

=== Prompt 138 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English.

Okay, let's break down this joke. The first line is "Esa cosa, el capitalismo, que nos va a llevar a todos a la Tercera Guerra Mundial." Translating that, it's saying that capitalism is going to lead us all to the Third World War. That seems like the setup because it's introducing the main idea or the premise of the joke.

The second line is "Bueno, a todos menos a los griegos." This translates to "Well, everyone except the Greeks." This part is probably the subversion because it's contradicting the previous statement. The setup was about everyone being led to war, but now it's saying the Greeks are an exception.

Then the third line: "Los griegos cuando hay la Tercera Guerra Mundial, ya estarán muertos." Which means "The Greeks will already be dead when there's the Third World War." This is the punchline. It's the unexpected twist that delivers the humor by showing that the Greeks aren't affected because they'll be dead already, which is a funny contradiction to the setup.

So the labels would be: setup for the first line, subversion for the second, and punchline for the third. Let me check if there's anything else. The last line is "END OF JOKE." That's probably the wrap-up, but the user didn't include that in the lines to classify. The original joke has three lines, so the three lines are the setup, subversion, and punchline. I think that's it.


=== Prompt 139 ===
 The joke is in Spanish. The labels should be in Spanish. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke is about a stereotype. The joke

=== Prompt 140 ===
  Okay, let's break down this joke line by line to classify each part. The joke starts with the speaker talking about capitalism dividing society, affecting the poor and rich. That seems like setting up the context for the joke. Then they mention how capitalism is a curse, which might be part of the setup. The next lines talk about how it changes people internally, making them see a beggar differently. This could be the escalation, building up the idea of the change. The punchline is the last part where the speaker thinks the beggar earns more, which is the actual joke. The rest of the lines lead up to that, so the setup, escalation, and then the punchline. I need to make sure each line is labeled correctly. Let me check again. The first line is establishing context, the second line is setup, the third is escalation, the fourth is escalation, the fifth is the punchline. Wait, the line "Esto es así." might be part of the setup or escalation. Maybe the setup is the first two lines, then escalation with the third and fourth, and the punchline is the last line. Also, the line "De hecho, te cambia por dentro." is part of the setup leading to the punchline. The final line is the punchline. So the labels would be: establishing context, setup, escalation, escalation, punchline. Wait, but the user said to assign exactly one label per line. Let me list each line:

Line 1: El capitalismo nos ha dividido... - establishing context
Line 2: Esto es así. - setup
Line 3: El capitalismo es la lacra... - setup
Line 4: De hecho, te cambia por dentro... - escalation
Line 5: Antes veías a un mendigo... - escalation
Line 6: Ahora ves a un mendigo... - punchline
Wait, maybe line 3 is part of the setup. Let me think again. The first line is context. The second line ("Esto es así.") is a setup, confirming the premise. Then line 3 is another part of the setup, explaining the curse. Line 4 is escalation, talking about the internal change. Line 5 is escalation, contrasting past and present. Line 6 is the punchline. So labels would be: establishing context, setup, setup, escalation, escalation, punchline. But the user might have different labels. Alternatively, maybe the first line

=== Prompt 141 ===
 To classify the joke, I'll analyze each line's role in the comedic structure.

1. "No tengo nada... No tengo nada en contra de los mendigos, nada en contra." - Establishing context (introduces the topic and the speaker's stance)
2. "Lo único que se le puede criticar a los mendigos es que muy creativos, muy creativos, no son." - Setup (introduces the premise for the joke)
3. "No, ¿sabéis? Fijaos siempre con los mismos carteles, que si no tengo dinero, que si me van a desahuciar, que si no me gusta el Aquarius." - Escalation (builds on the premise with specific examples)
4. "Ya sabemos que no te gusta el Aquarius." - Misdirection (creates a false impression or distraction)
5. "El vino sí, el vino me gusta." - Subversion (introduces a contrasting element)
6. "Claro que te gusta el vino, ¿eh? Se huele desde aquí que te gusta el vino." - Callback (references a previous element in a new context)
7. "El Aquarius no, el Aquarius me sienta mal." - Redirection (shifts focus to a different aspect)
8. "No tiene mucha visión comercial." - Punchline (delivers the final comedic point)

The joke uses misdirection by pretending to be critical of Aquarius, then subverts that with a preference for wine, before delivering the punchline about commercial vision. The callback to the wine preference reinforces the contrast with the initial false impression about Aquarius.

{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "misdirection", "subversion", "callback", "redirection", "punchline"]}

=== Prompt 142 ===
 I need to classify each line of the joke into the appropriate label. Let's go through it step by step.

First line: "El otro día había un mendigo pidiendo la puerta del día." - This seems to be introducing the scenario, so I'll label it as establishing context.

Second line: "Para empezar, la puerta del día no es un buen sitio para pedir dinero." - This is setting up the problem or the joke's premise, so setup.

Third line: "O sea, a ese tío no cae en que en tres o cuatro meses esa gente puede estar en su misma situación." - This is elaborating on the setup, explaining the consequence, so escalation.

Fourth line: "Sé de lo que hablo,yo compro en el día." - This is a callback to the earlier mention of the "puerta del día" and the context of the joke, so callback.

Now, the fifth line is "END OF JOKE." which marks the end of the joke, so wrap-up.

So the labels would be: establishing context, setup, escalation, callback, wrap-up.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "callback", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 143 ===
 I will give you the joke in the next message. Here is the joke: De hecho, el tío tenía un letreo y el letreo ponía, necesito dinero, soy diabético.\nDigo, ¿cómo eres diabético y qué?\nDigo, hay un montón de gente diabética.\nDigo, mi padre es diabético, mi tío, digo, innova, tío, innova.\nY el tío vino, digo, vino, no, innova.\nle doy un boli y digo apunta\ny digo apunta,digo pon ahí soy de la yihad y he venido a destruir al presidente del gobierno\nes un buen gancho\ny me dice el tío no sé cómo se escribe yihad y ahí tenemos otro problema, la formación END OF JOKE.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the joke's structure and then assign each line to the appropriate label. The joke is in Spanish, so I'll need to parse it carefully.

Starting with the first line: "De hecho, el tío tenía un letreo y el letreo ponía, necesito dinero, soy diabético." This sets up the scenario. The person has a sign (letreo) that says they need money and are diabetic. So this is probably the **establishing context** because it introduces the situation.

Next line: "Digo, ¿cómo eres diabético y qué?" The speaker is questioning the person's diabetes, which might be a setup for the punchline. This could be **setup** as it introduces the initial question.

Third line: "Digo, hay un montón de gente diabética." The speaker points out that many people are diabetic, which might be **misdirection** because it's leading the listener away from the real joke. Or maybe **escalation** if it's building up to something.

Fourth line: "Digo, mi padre es diabético, mi tío, digo, innova, tío, innova." The speaker mentions their own family's diabetes and uses "innova" (which sounds like "diabético" but is a different word). This seems like **escalation** or **misdirection** because it's adding more context but also playing with words.

Next line: "Y el tío v

=== Prompt 144 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English. Please answer in the same language as the joke.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "subversion", "callback", "misdirection", "timing", "meta-humor", "punchline", "redirection", "non-line", "wrap-up", "repetition"]}
Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants each line classified into specific roles. The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English. I need to make sure I understand each part correctly.

First line: "no es insensibilidad no lo es, pero si yo veo un mendigo y el mendigo tiene un letrero y el letrero tiene falta de fotografía, automáticamente el mendigo me da menos pena". This seems to set up the scenario. The speaker is talking about not being insensitive, but when they see a beggar with a sign that lacks a photo, they feel less sympathy. So this is establishing context.

Next line: "O sea, demuestra una falta de interés Muy grande por su trabajo". The speaker is explaining that the beggar's lack of a photo shows a lack of interest in their work. This is probably setup, building up to the punchline.

Third line: "O sea,con la cantidad de tiempo libre que tienes¿Y haces esa mierda,tío?" Here, the speaker is escalating by questioning the beggar's use of free time, implying they're not working hard enough. This is escalation.

Fourth line: "Yo creo que los mendigos Creo que los mendigos tendrían que tener puntos de referencia". The speaker suggests that beggars should have reference points, which might be a misdirection or setup for the punchline. Wait, maybe this is a callback or misdirection? Hmm.

Fifth line: "Creativamente, hablando como los narcotraficantes END OF JOKE". The mention of drug traffickers and the ending phrase is the punchline. This is a subversion because it takes the previous points and twists them into something unexpected. The reference to drug traffickers adds a meta-humor element, comparing the beggar's lack of a photo to a criminal's lack of a profile. The "END OF JOKE" is a callback to the structure, maybe a redirection or wrap-up.

Wait, the user's example answer has "meta-humor" as the label for the

=== Prompt 145 ===
 

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the joke's structure. The user provided a Spanish joke, and I need to label each line with its role. Let me go through each line step by step.

Starting with the first line: "No estoy a favor del narcotráfico pero hemos de reconocer que esos tíos, creativamente hablando, son los mejores del mundo." This seems like an introduction, setting up the topic of drug trafficking and their creativity. So maybe "establishing context" here.

Next line: "Pasan droga en cualquier parte." This is stating the method they use, which is passing drugs anywhere. That's probably part of the setup, explaining how they do it.

Third line: "En pelucas, en huesos de escayola, en fichas de dominó." Examples of the creative methods. This is giving specific examples, so maybe "escalation" as it's building on the previous statement.

Fourth line: "Hace poco han pillado un calamar gigante con droga." Introducing a new, unexpected method—using a giant squid. This is a setup for the punchline, so "setup".

Next line: "Un calamar gigante." Repeating the squid, maybe to emphasize, so "repetition" or part of setup.

Then: "¿De dónde coño? ¡Han sacado un puto calamar gigante!" Expressing surprise, which is part of the setup leading to the punchline. Maybe "misdirection" or "setup".

"¿Se tiene el cártel de la droga un vivero de calamar gigantes?" Questioning if the cartel has a squid farm. This is a setup question, leading to the punchline. So "setup".

"¡Darío, wey, este es Rodolfo!" Introducing a name, which might be a callback or part of the setup. Maybe "callback" if it's referencing earlier.

"18 de largo por 8 de ancho." Giving measurements, which is part of the setup, providing details about the squid.

"Darwin lo fliparía con Rodolfo." Mentioning Darwin, which could be a callback to evolution, maybe "meta-humor" or "setup".

"Pero nosotros lo utilizamos para pasar droga." This is the main point, the setup leading to the punchline. So "setup".

"De hecho, si alguna vez alguno de nosotros

=== Prompt 146 ===
 The labels should be in the order of the lines in the joke. The labels for non-sequitur, or lines that don't contribute to the joke structure should be marked as non-line. Please make sure that each line is assigned exactly one label. If a line is part of the joke, assign a label, otherwise assign non-line.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the joke's structure. The user provided a multi-line joke in Spanish, and I need to label each line with its role. Let me go through each line step by step.

Starting with the first line: "Bueno, ya para ir acabando, decir que este es un gran trabajo, de verdad, para mí es un placer estar aquí delante de todos vosotros hoy." This seems like an introduction, setting the scene. The speaker is about to wrap up, so maybe this is establishing context.

Next line: "Hace seis años que me dedico a esto, hago las actuaciones, mucha gente me dice «Ey, tío, de verdad, felicidad, yo no podría salir ahí y hacer reír a la gente como haces tú»." Here, the speaker talks about their experience and others' admiration. This is probably setting up the premise, so maybe setup.

Third line: "Y a mí, desde que me dedico a esto, hay un montón de trabajos que tampoco podría hacer ya." This is expanding on the previous point, indicating that the speaker can't do other jobs now. Still setup or maybe escalation?

Fourth line: "Por ejemplo, yo, dedicándome a esto, ya no podría trabajar de enterrador." Example given, introducing the enterrador (funeral director) job. Setup or escalation?

Fifth line: "No, dedicándome a esto, toda esa gente ahí mirándome y así no haciendo un puto chiste." The speaker is saying that the audience is watching but not getting the joke. This could be escalation or setup.

Next line: "yo digo una cosa,etre las pocas expectativas de la personas y el efecto desconcierto del chiste entra seguro Delaware rollo,parece que se ha movido" This seems like a non-sequitur. Maybe misdirection or non-line? The words are a bit jumbled, but the speaker is talking about expectations and the effect of the joke. Maybe misdirection.

Then: "no

=== Prompt 147 ===
  ###

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants each line labeled with its role in the joke structure. Let me start by understanding the joke first.

The first line is "pero a nosotros nos lo dicen". That translates to "but they tell us..." which seems like it's setting up a contrast or a situation. Maybe introducing the context of the joke. So maybe "establishing context".

Next line: "a los que no admiro para nada incluso me dan un poco de pena son los músicos de Tranatorio". This is explaining that the speaker doesn't admire these people and even feels a bit sorry for them. This is probably the setup, introducing the target of the joke, the musicians of Tranatorio.

Third line: "¿los conocéis los músicos de Tranatorio?" A question asking if the audience knows them. This is probably a setup or maybe a call for the audience to engage, so maybe "setup" or "misdirection".

Fourth line: "o sea, 12 años en un conservatorio para acabar tocando en un funeral". Here, the speaker explains the musicians' situation: 12 years in a conservatory ending up playing at funerals. This is the escalation, building the contrast between their training and their current work. So "escalation".

Next line: "esa gente tiene que tener la autoestima por el suelo de rollo ¡hoy tengo bolos!" The speaker is mocking their low self-esteem, saying they have to be so down, then exclaims "¡hoy tengo bolos!" which is a Spanish expression meaning "I have shows today!" This is a punchline or maybe a callback. Wait, the repetition of "¡hoy tengo bolos!" multiple times is a key part. So the first mention might be setup, then the repetition is a punchline. But the line here is the first mention, so maybe "escalation" or "punchline".

Then the next line: "¡hoy tengo bolos! ¡hoy tengo bolos! ¡hoy tengo bolos!" The repetition of the phrase is likely the punchline, emphasizing the contrast between their low status and the speaker's own success. So "punchline" and "repetition".

Next line: "Y la hembra adulta,seguro que lo levanta No,no,no lo levanto END OF JOKE." The mention of "la hembra adulta"

=== Prompt 148 ===
 I need to classify the lines of this joke. Let me see.

Okay, let's break down the joke line by line. The user wants each line classified into specific roles. Let me start by reading through the joke again.

First line: "No sé si lo sabéis" – This is like a setup, maybe establishing context. The speaker is about to share something they think the audience might not know. So maybe "establishing context".

Next: "Pero los músicos de Tranatorio Tienen que ser músicos profesionales\nNo pueden ser músicos amateurs" – This seems like setting up the premise. The joke is about the musicians for a funeral (Tranatorio, which might be a play on "tranquilo" or "funeral" in Spanish). So this is the setup, explaining that they need professionals. Label as "setup".

Then: "¿Y sabéis por qué?" – This is a classic setup question, leading into the reason. So "setup" again? Or maybe "escalation"? Wait, the next line is the reason. So maybe "setup" here is the question, leading to the punchline. Wait, maybe "escalation" is when the setup builds up. Hmm, need to think.

Next line: "Porque ha habido gente Que un entierro se ha quejado" – This is the reason given. So this is the punchline's setup. Wait, but the joke is that people complain about the music at funerals. So maybe "escalation" here? Or "subversion"? Wait, the setup is that the musicians have to be professionals, then the reason is because people complain. So the reason is the punchline. Let me think again.

Wait, the structure is: Setup (musicians need to be pros), then the question why, then the answer is that people complain. So the answer is the punchline. But the line "Porque ha habido gente Que un entierro se ha quejado" is the reason, so that's the punchline? Or is it part of the setup? Maybe the setup is the first part, then the question, then the punchline. Let me check.

The next line: "O sea, hay que ser muy hijo de puta Para ir a un entierro y decir Oye, el muerto guay" – This is explaining the reason. So "O sea" is like "that is to say," so this is part of the

=== Prompt 149 ===
 Each label should be in lowercase. The labels should be in the same order as the lines in the joke.
Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the joke itself. Let me read through it again:

Hola. ¿Qué tal? Buenas noches.
Buenas noches. Que no.
Vengo de Valencia.
Gente con tarita.
Lo habréis visto por la tele. Mujeres y hombres, eso es nuestro, inventad por nosotros.
Con lo que sobró hicimos Gandíasor con todos los subnormales a la playa.
Así que lo explico. Buenas noches.
¿Vale? Buenas noches. Todos juntos. Buenas noches. END OF JOKE.

Hmm, the joke seems to be in Spanish, and it's a bit confusing. Let me break it down line by line.

First line: "Hola. ¿Qué tal? Buenas noches." That's a greeting. Maybe establishing context? Like setting the scene with a greeting.

Second line: "Buenas noches. Que no." The response to the greeting. "Que no" could be a refusal or a negation. Maybe setup? Or maybe misdirection?

Third line: "Vengo de Valencia." Introducing the speaker's origin. This could be establishing context, providing background.

Fourth line: "Gente con tarita." "Tarita" might be a typo or slang. Maybe "tarjeta" (card) or something else? Not sure. Could be a setup or misdirection.

Fifth line: "Lo habréis visto por la tele. Mujeres y hombres, eso es nuestro, inventad por nosotros." This seems like explaining something, maybe a setup for the punchline. Maybe setup or escalation?

Sixth line: "Con lo que sobró hicimos Gandíasor con todos los subnormales a la playa." "Gandíasor" sounds like a play on words. Maybe "Gandia" (a city in Valencia) and "sor" (like "sor" as in "sor" from "sorority" or "sor" as a prefix? Or maybe "Gandías" + "sor"? Not sure. "Subnormales" refers to people who are not normal, maybe a derogatory term. So combining these, maybe a pun or a joke about creating something with leftovers (

=== Prompt 150 ===
 So, the joke is in Spanish. Let me try to understand it. The first line is "Pues así se comunican en mi pueblo." which translates to "Well, that's how they communicate in my town." This seems like it's setting up the context for how communication works in the speaker's town. The next line is "¿Qué te va a decir?" which is "What is it going to tell you?" This could be the setup, asking what the communication method will convey. Then the response is "Que la gente me dice, este no está bien, pastarlo." meaning "That people tell me, this is not good, pastarlo." The term "pastarlo" might be a slang or a specific term in the region, possibly related to something like "to paste" or "to put on," but it's unclear. The next line is "Ni yo, ni ninguno de mi familia, ninguno." which translates to "Neither I, nor any of my family, none." This could be a repetition or escalation, emphasizing that no one uses this method. The next line is "Mira, tengo un abuelo, basto, el jamón lo corta con radial." which means "Look, I have a grandfather, basto, he cuts the ham with radial." The term "basto" might be a typo or a regional term, possibly meaning "old" or "stiff." "Radial" here might refer to a type of knife or a method of cutting. This line seems to be the punchline, introducing an unexpected method of communication. The final line is "END OF JOKE." which is the wrap-up. So, the labels would be: establishing context for the first line, setup for the second line, escalation for the third line, repetition for the fourth line, punchline for the fifth line, and wrap-up for the last line. However, I need to make sure each line is correctly labeled. Let me check again. The first line sets up the context of communication in the town. The second line is the setup asking what the communication will say. The third line is the escalation, providing the content of the communication. The fourth line is repetition, emphasizing that no one uses it. The fifth line is the punchline, introducing the grandfather's method. The last line is the wrap-up. So the labels would be: establishing context, setup, escalation, repetition, punchline, wrap-up.
The joke is in Spanish and involves a

=== Prompt 151 ===
 I need to classify each line of the joke. Let me first understand the joke. The joke starts with a Spanish line, which translates to "Watch the man, really. My grandmother drives me crazy." Then it says, "And that's despite my grandmother being nothing else, but she keeps herself in shape." The speaker then mentions having a grandmother who keeps herself in shape, is 80 but looks 53. She claims to be from Jaén, and the speaker thinks she's an elf. The joke ends with the speaker's mother also living with them. The humor is likely in the exaggeration of the grandmother's youth and the elf reference. Let me now classify each line. The first line sets up the scenario, so "establishing context." The second line introduces the grandmother's behavior, so "setup." The third line repeats the grandmother's trait, so "repetition." The fourth line is the speaker's own statement, so "setup" again. The fifth line gives a specific detail about the grandmother's age, so "escalation." The sixth line is the grandmother's claim, so "setup." The seventh line is the speaker's belief, so "subversion" or "misdirection." The eighth line introduces the mother living with them, which might be a callback or a redirection. Let me check again. The first line is establishing context. The second line is setup. The third line is repetition. The fourth line is setup. The fifth line is escalation. The sixth line is setup. The seventh line is misdirection (saying she's from Jaén, but the speaker thinks she's an elf). The eighth line is the punchline? Or is it a callback? The last line mentions the mother living with them, which might be a redirection or a wrap-up. Alternatively, the punchline is the elf reference. Let me re-examine. The joke's punchline is the elf part. The mother's line might be a callback or a wrap-up. Wait, the last line says "Mirad, también vive con nosotros mi madre." which translates to "Look, my mother also lives with us." That might be a redirection, but I'm not sure. Let me try again. The first line is establishing context. The second line is setup. The third line is repetition. The fourth line is setup. The fifth line is escalation. The sixth line is setup. The seventh line is misdirection (saying she's from Jaén, but the speaker thinks she's an

=== Prompt 152 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English, so you can ignore the language. The labels should be in the order of the lines in the joke. The joke has 17 lines. The answer should be a list of 17 labels. Do not include any other text.

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke and figure out each line's role. The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English, so I'll focus on the content rather than the language.

Starting with the first line: "Quiero dejar claro una cosa. Yo a mi madre la quiero." This seems like setting up the context. The speaker is introducing the topic of their feelings towards their mother. So, "establishing context" makes sense here.

Next line: "Pero yo creo que la quiero porque la tengo que querer." This is explaining why they feel that way, so it's part of the setup. Maybe "setup" or "establishing context." But since the first line was context, this might be part of the setup, explaining the reason.

Third line: "Porque yo tengo una madre muy tradicional que no se adapta." Here, the speaker introduces the mother's trait (traditional, not adapting). This is providing more context about the mother, so "establishing context" again? Or maybe "setup" as it's building towards the punchline.

Fourth line: "Y yo como la quiero, se lo digo." The speaker says they tell her they love her. This is part of the setup, leading to the conflict. Maybe "setup" or "escalation." Wait, the next lines are about the mother not adapting. So maybe "setup" here.

Fifth line: "Le digo, mamá, que no te adaptas." The first mention of the mother not adapting. This is the setup, introducing the conflict. So "setup."

Sixth line: "Dice, ¿qué qué?" The mother's confusion. This is a response, so maybe "escalation" as the situation is getting more intense.

Seventh line: "Digo, que no te adaptas, que te has quedado, que no te adaptas." Repeating the point, escalating the conflict. "Escalation."

Eighth line: "Dice, ¿qué qué?" Again, the mother's confusion. This is part of the escalation, so "escalation."

Ninth line: "

=== Prompt 153 ===
 Please classify the lines of this joke.
Okay, let me try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the joke itself. The user provided a joke in Spanish, so I'll start by translating and understanding each part.

The joke starts with: "Se ha quedado con sus frases de antes de madre de antes." Translating that, it might mean something like "He kept his phrases from before mother of before." Not sure about the exact translation, but maybe it's setting up a contrast or a reference to previous statements.

Next line: "Mi madre Aún dice que el agua oxigenada no escuece." So the speaker's mother still says that hydrogen peroxide doesn't sting. Wait, "escuece" is Spanish for "stings," so the mother is saying that hydrogen peroxide doesn't sting. That's a common misconception because hydrogen peroxide can irritate the skin, but maybe the mother is wrong.

Then: "Digo,te reviento la cabeza,no escuece." The speaker responds, saying something like "You'll bust my head, it doesn't sting." So the speaker is contradicting the mother's statement, maybe pointing out that it does sting, but in a humorous way.

Next line: "Hombre,con las cosas blancas que me salen a mí,pues no vas a hacer eso." The speaker says, "Man, with the white things that come out of me, you're not going to do that." This seems like a humorous way of saying that because the speaker has white things (maybe like a white beard, or something else), they won't do that action (maybe applying hydrogen peroxide? Or something else). It's a bit unclear, but the humor comes from the unexpected connection.

Now, breaking down each line:

1. "Se ha quedado con sus frases de antes de madre de antes." – This might be establishing context, setting up the contrast between the mother's old phrases and the current situation. Maybe it's introducing the mother's previous statements.

2. "Mi madre Aún dice que el agua oxigenada no escuece." – This is the setup, introducing the mother's incorrect belief about hydrogen peroxide not stinging.

3. "Digo,te reviento la cabeza,no escuece." – The speaker's response, which could be the punchline or part of the escalation. It's contradicting the mother's statement, maybe pointing

=== Prompt 154 ===
 The joke is in Spanish. The labels are in English. Do not include any other text. Here is the joke again:

De pequeño me decía, hijo mío, bebe agua que aclara la vista.
Hijo mío, bebe agua que aclara la vista.
Mira,me lo dijo tantas veces que yo de pequeño me bebía un vaso de Coca-Cola y veía borroso.
Fíjate las veces que me lo habrá dicho.
Que se me ha quedado secuela de eso, se me ha quedado secuela.
Que el otro día vi en mi pueblo al que vende los cupones bebiendo agua,digo,a buenos días horas,socio,te pones tú a buenas horas.
Claro. ¡Hombre! 

Let me break it down line by line:

1. "De pequeño me decía, hijo mío, bebe agua que aclara la vista." - This is the setup, introducing the father's advice to drink water to clear the eyes.
2. "Hijo mío, bebe agua que aclara la vista." - This is a repetition of the setup, emphasizing the advice.
3. "Mira,me lo dijo tantas veces que yo de pequeño me bebía un vaso de Coca-Cola y veía borroso." - This line introduces the twist, showing that the speaker didn't follow the advice and ended up with blurry vision, which is the punchline.
4. "Fíjate las veces que me lo habrá dicho." - This line is a callback to the repeated advice, reinforcing the setup.
5. "Que se me ha quedado secuela de eso, se me ha quedado secuela." - This line is a repetition of the punchline, emphasizing the lasting effect of the advice.
6. "Que el otro día vi en mi pueblo al que vende los cupones bebiendo agua,digo,a buenos días horas,socio,te pones tú a buenas horas." - This line introduces a new element, the person selling coupons drinking water, which is a redirection.
7. "Claro. ¡Hombre!" - This is the punchline, which is a callback to the earlier lines and a humorous conclusion.
Okay, so the labels would be:

1. Establishing context
2. Setup
3. Punchline
4. Callback
5. Repetition
6. Redirection
7. Punchline



=== Prompt 155 ===
 The joke has 15 lines.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification step by step. First, I need to understand each line's role in the joke structure. The joke is in Spanish, but I'll focus on the structure rather than the content.

Starting with the first line: "Pero sí que es verdad que he aprendido algún truquillo al vivir en pareja tanto tiempo, he aprendido algún truquillo." This seems like an introduction, setting up the speaker's experience. So, maybe "establishing context."

Next line: "Chicos, que os puede salvar la vida." This is addressing the audience and introducing a potential benefit, so "setup" as it's leading into the main point.

Third line: "Os puede salvar la vida porque a veces estás en casa, ¿no?" Here, the speaker explains why the trick is useful, so "escalation" as it builds on the setup.

Fourth line: "Y estás haciendo cualquier totalmente abstraído en el ordenador porque nosotros decís, ah, no podéis hacer dos cosas a la vez." This describes a situation where the person is focused on one task, so "escalation" again, adding more context to the scenario.

Fifth line: "No, hacemos una a una y nos absorbemos totalmente cada una y a lo mejor estamos leyendo los ingredientes de los chicles y estamos totalmente absorbidos ahí..." This continues the scenario, explaining how they focus on each task, so "escalation" or maybe "setup." Wait, maybe "setup" since it's building up to the punchline.

Next line: "...no hay nada que nos quite la atención y de repente estás ahí a tu bola, abstraído" This is describing the state of being absorbed, so "escalation" as it's building towards the unexpected event.

Then: "Y de repente no ves ni oyes nada, pero notas una energía muy fuerte que entra en la habitación." Here, the unexpected event happens, so "subversion" or "escalation." It's introducing a twist, so "subversion."

Next line: "Y es como ese instinto de supervivencia, como ese instinto arácnido de Spider-Man." Comparing the situation to a survival instinct, which is a metaphor, so "meta-humor" or "escalation." Maybe "escalation" as it's building up the intensity.

Then: "Ese

=== Prompt 156 ===
 So, the first line of the joke is "Ya está ella ahí gritándote ¡Que sea la última vez!": establishing context. The second line is "Y tú en ese momento Sabes que te vas a comer Dos horas de chapa": setup. The third line is "Sin ninguna garantía De que después de esas dos horas Sepas de qué iba la chapa": escalation. The fourth line is "¿Cómo se puede evitar esto?": setup. The fifth line is "Si tienes reflejos Y sangre fría": setup. The sixth line is "En el momento en el que tú notas el tsunami": escalation. The seventh line is "Aquí el serpiente está de la vuelta": punchline. The eighth line is "END OF JOKE": wrap-up. The ninth line is "Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role...": non-line. The tenth line is "Your final answer should take the form...": non-line. The eleventh line is "

=== Prompt 157 ===
 The joke has 13 lines. The labels should be in the same order as the lines. Each line is a separate element in the list. Make sure that each label is one of the 13 specified, and that each label is assigned to exactly one line. No other labels are allowed. The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are the same regardless of language. Please provide the answer in the specified format.
Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are the same regardless. Let me start by reading through each line and understanding the flow.

First line: "Y ya lo tienes encima Que sea la última vez" – This seems like it's setting up a situation. Maybe the speaker is telling someone to accept something, possibly a problem or a situation. The phrase "Que sea la última vez" (Let it be the last time) might be a setup for a punchline. So maybe this is the setup.

Second line: "¿Vale? Con toda Mantén la calma" – The question "¿Vale?" (Okay?) could be a prompt for the listener to agree. Then "Con toda Mantén la calma" (With all calmness, keep calm) – this might be part of the setup, giving instructions or a directive. Maybe this is part of the setup or establishing context.

Third line: "Mantén la calma Mantén la calma Mantén la calma" – Repeating "Mantén la calma" (Keep calm) three times. This repetition could be escalation, building up the tension or emphasizing the instruction. So maybe escalation here.

Fourth line: "Con toda la tranquilidad La calma" – This seems like continuing the theme of calmness, possibly reinforcing the setup or escalating further. Maybe escalation again.

Fifth line: "Y con toda la dulzura del mundo En ese momento de Que sea la última" – "With all the sweetness of the world" and "In that moment of Let it be the last" – this might be building up to the punchline, so maybe escalation or setup.

Sixth line: "Le dices Hasta así que tienes una cosita aquí" – "You say Until then, so you have something here" – This could be the punchline or a subversion. The phrase "tienes una cosita aquí" (you have something here) might be a twist.

Seventh

=== Prompt 158 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, so you might need to translate it into English to understand it. To help, I will provide a translation of the joke below: "Oh sea, it's that there's no woman capable of keeping the level of bad attitude with which she entered if she thinks she has a mucus here taking away credibility. It's like that. It's like that. It's like that. It's like that. Then, at that moment, it completely changes of... Are you going to kill me? Where? Here? If you still see her very high, you say, no, sweetheart, take another lawdo. And there you compensate a little bit But then she's not capable of returning to the level of bad attitude with which she entered It's impossible, it doesn't come into account Then it already turns more into plan of Well, you know that it has sat badly with me And you look at the clock and say Five minutes, God Almighty From two hours to five minutes Now I have an hour and fifty-five that I don't know what to do Thanks. END OF JOKE."
Okay, let me try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the joke properly. The translation is a bit tricky, but I'll go through it step by step.

The joke seems to be about someone's bad attitude (mala hostia) and how a woman can't maintain that level of attitude if she thinks she has mucus (maybe a typo for "moco", which is mucus in Spanish). The speaker is talking about a situation where someone enters with a bad attitude, but then their attitude changes when they think they have mucus, leading to a decrease in their bad attitude. The person then has to compensate by taking another "lawdo" (which I think is a typo for "lado" or maybe "largo", but in context, it might be a slang term for something like a drink or a move). The humor comes from the contrast between the initial bad attitude and the subsequent change, leading to a situation where the person can't return to the original level, causing frustration.

Now, let's break down each line and assign labels based on the roles. I'll go line by line.

1. "Oh sea, it's that there's no woman capable of keeping the level of bad attitude with which she entered if she thinks she has a mucus here taking away credibility." – This seems like the setup, introducing the premise

=== Prompt 159 ===
 

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line to classify each part. The joke starts with someone saying "Gracias, amigos. ¿Qué tal? ¿Cómo estáis? ¿Bien?" which is a casual greeting. That's probably setting the scene, so I'll label that as establishing context.

Next, the person responds, "Yo... Sí, no me importa." This seems like they're brushing off the question, maybe showing indifference. That could be part of the setup, but maybe it's just establishing their character. Hmm, maybe setup?

Then, "No, la verdad es que yo estoy preocupado." Here, they contradict their previous statement, showing they are actually worried. That's a shift, so maybe escalation? Or setup? Wait, the setup is building up to the punchline. This might be part of the setup, introducing the problem.

"Tengo un montón de monólogos grabados y para este no tenía que contar nada." They mention having monologues but not needing to talk about anything. That's setting up the situation where they have to perform but have nothing to say. So that's part of the setup.

"O sea, no me ocurre nada en la vida. Es mi problema." They explain they have nothing happening in their life, which is their problem. This is escalating the problem, so maybe escalation.

"No me pasan cosas, ¿sabes?" Reiterating that nothing happens to them. This is repetition, but maybe part of the setup or escalation. Wait, repetition might be a label here.

"A veces fantaseo con cosas para poder contarlas." They admit they fantasize about events to have material. This is part of the setup, showing their lack of real experiences.

"En plan, quedarme atrapado en un ascensor, ¿sabes?" Giving an example of a fantasy scenario. This is escalation, building up to the punchline.

"De hecho, si me quedara atrapado en un ascensor, me molaría que fuera con una tía que estuviera muy buena o si no con una matrona de hospital..." Here, they specify the fantasy scenario, which is the setup leading to the punchline. Maybe escalation or setup.

"...para que me tranquilizara,en plan,respira,tranquilo,no pasa nada estaría guay" This part is the punchline, where they say that being trapped in an elevator with someone would be good because it

=== Prompt 160 ===
 So, the answer should be a JSON array of labels in order of the lines in the joke. Each line is a separate element in the array. Please make sure that you do not include any extra text, just the JSON array. The joke is as follows:

1. a mí me pasa, yo pienso en la muerte y da mal rollo, ¿no?
2. porque te viene mal a lo mejor morir y sí, yo qué sé a lo mejor tienes planes o te has abierto Tinder
3. o sea, a lo mejor yo qué sé, algo así, ¿sabes?
4. no sé
5. de hecho de hecho además esto que dicen que cuando mueres tu vida pasa en diapositivas...
6. a mi me agobia un montón eso porque esto quien lo lleva quien gestiona las fotos que yo voy a ver
7. yo no puedo,yo estoy muriendo,estoy ocupado
8. END OF JOKE.
Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. The user wants each line labeled with its role in the joke structure. The labels include things like establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, etc. 

First, I need to understand the joke's flow. The speaker is talking about thinking about death and how it's unsettling. They mention that when you die, your life plays like slideshows, which bothers them because they can't control what photos are shown. The punchline is about being busy dying and not having time to manage the photos.

Starting with line 1: "a mí me pasa, yo pienso en la muerte y da mal rollo, ¿no?" This seems like the setup. The speaker is introducing the topic of thinking about death and the discomfort it causes. So maybe "establishing context" or "setup." But "establishing context" is more about setting the scene, while "setup" is building up to the punchline. Since this is the first line, it's probably setting up the topic, so "setup."

Line 2: "porque te viene mal a lo mejor morir y sí, yo qué sé a lo mejor tienes planes o te has abierto Tinder." This is explaining why thinking about death is bad—maybe because you have plans or are on Tinder. This is expanding on the initial thought, so maybe "escalation" as it's building up the reason why death is a problem.

Line

=== Prompt 161 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition.

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants each line classified into one of the specified roles. The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English. Let me start by understanding the structure of the joke.

First line: "a lo mejor es un programa tipo facebook que te resume el año y sales en una foto así en otra un colega que odias" – This seems like the setup. It introduces the idea of a program similar to Facebook that summarizes the year, mentioning a photo with a colleague you hate. So maybe "establishing context" or "setup". But since it's introducing the premise, maybe "setup".

Second line: "A lo mejor son momentos guays de tu vida que quieres recordar en tu último momento consciente, pero a lo mejor son los momentos que más odias, ¿sabes?" – This is a contrast between good and bad memories. It's building up the idea, so maybe "escalation" or "setup". But it's introducing the possibility of both, so perhaps "escalation" as it's expanding on the initial idea.

Third line: "Cosas que no quieres volver a ver a todas las tías que te han dado calabazas a lo largo de tu vida, ¿sabes?" – This is adding another layer, talking about not wanting to see certain people. Maybe "escalation" again, as it's adding more to the scenario.

Fourth line: "Treinta minutos de tías diciendo no,no,no,no,por el culo no,¿sabes?" – This seems like a specific example, so maybe "escalation" as it's providing a concrete example of the bad moments.

Fifth line: "Cosas así. No sé." – This is a bit of a non-committal statement, perhaps "misdirection" or "non-line". It's a bit vague, maybe leading to the punchline.

Sixth line: "De hecho, yo vivo al lado de dos de los mejores hospitales que hay en España END OF JOKE." – This is the punchline. The speaker is saying they live next to top hospitals, which is a twist. So "punchline".

Now, checking each line

=== Prompt 162 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, so your labels should be in Spanish. Please use the labels: estableciendo contexto, planteamiento, escalada, subversión, callback, desvío, timing, humor meta, punchline, redirección, no línea, cierre, repetición. The joke is in Spanish, so your labels should be in Spanish. Please use the labels: estableciendo contexto, planteamiento, escalada, subversión, callback, desvío, timing, humor meta, punchline, redirección, no línea, cierre, repetición. Please provide your answer in the specified JSON format. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do not provide any other text. Please do

=== Prompt 163 ===
 Please separate the labels by commas.
Okay, let me try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke and the role each part plays. Let's go through each line one by one.

The first line is: "Si hay alguien que le ofenda el humor político o crea que yo le puedo llegar a ofender haciendo humor político, por favor, simplemente que levante la mano que yo pasaré de su puta cara, ¿vale?" This seems like the speaker is setting up a warning. They're telling people to raise their hands if they're offended by political humor, so they can avoid them. This might be establishing context or maybe a setup for the joke. Maybe "establishing context" because it's setting the stage for what's coming next.

Next line: "Pero solamente quiero saber que voy a joder a alguien." The speaker says they just want to know if they'll offend someone. This could be part of the setup, maybe escalating the situation or setting up the expectation for the joke. Maybe "escalation" because they're moving towards the punchline.

Third line: "¿No hay nadie? Genial, de puta madre. Vamos a ello." Here, the speaker checks if there's no one offended and then says "great, let's do it." This might be a setup leading into the punchline. Maybe "setup" or "escalation" again.

Fourth line: "¿Hay algún votante del PP hoy aquí?" The speaker asks if there's a PP voter present. This is introducing the topic, so maybe "setup" or "establishing context."

Next line: "Que levante un billete,va,tuerca serio." The speaker tells someone to raise a bill (billete) and says "tuerca serio," which might be a typo or slang. This could be part of the setup or maybe a misdirection. Wait, the person is asking for a bill, which might be a way to get a response. Maybe "setup" or "escalation."

Then: "No hay cojones, no pasa nada." The speaker says there's no one, so nothing happens. This could be the punchline or part of the setup. Maybe "punchline" if it's the resolution, but it's more like a setup leading to the next part.

Next line: "Si no hay nadie del PP no tiene sentido que haga ch

=== Prompt 164 ===
 

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants each line classified into specific roles. Let me start by reading the joke again to understand the flow.

First line: "aprovechando que estamos en Barcelona no sé, algo de política, que os suene por aquí que esté de moda". This seems like the setup. The speaker is setting the context by mentioning Barcelona and politics, which is a common topic there. So maybe "establishing context".

Next line: "por ejemplo, yo que sé, la independencia de Cataluña". Here, the example is given, introducing the main topic. This is probably the setup as well, or maybe the setup is already established. Wait, the first line sets the context, and the second line introduces the specific topic. So maybe the second line is the setup. But sometimes setup can be the first part. Let me think again. The first line is setting up the context, and the second line is the setup for the joke's topic. So maybe both are setup? Or maybe the first line is establishing context, and the second is the setup.

Third line: "voy a opinar honestamente y tratando de ofender lo menos posible sobre la independencia de Cataluña, ¿de acuerdo?" This is the speaker introducing their opinion, which is the setup leading into the punchline. So maybe "setup".

Fourth line: "allá va me suda la polla la unidad de España me suda la polla la independencia de Cataluña," This is the punchline, where the speaker is saying they don't care about either, but then the next line contradicts that.

Fifth line: "no obstante me gustaría que Cataluña fuese un estado independiente porque mi novia es independentista y me tiene la puta duce así con el puto tema,tíos." This is the twist, the subversion. The speaker says they want independence because their girlfriend is into it. So this is a subversion of the previous statement, which was non-committal. So "subversion".

Wait, but the fourth line is the punchline? Or is it the escalation? Let me check again. The speaker says "me suda la polla" (I don't care) about both unity and independence. Then the next line says "no obstante" (however) they want independence because their girlfriend is. So the setup is the first part, the escalation is

=== Prompt 165 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English. The joke has 12 lines. The labels must be assigned in order. The labels must be in the same order as the lines. Each line should get exactly one label. The labels must be in the same order as the lines. The labels must be in the same order as the lines. The labels must be in the same order as the lines. The labels must be in the same order as the lines. The labels must be in the same order as the lines. The labels must be in the same order as the lines. The labels must be in the same order as the lines. The labels must be in the same order as the lines. The labels must be in the same order as the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must be in the order of the lines. The labels must

=== Prompt 166 ===
 (Do not use markdown)
Okay, let me try to break down this joke and classify each line. The user provided a joke in Spanish, so I need to understand the content first.

The joke starts with the speaker saying they think the demonstrations are happening where they shouldn't. Then they mention going to the root of the problem. The next part is about proposing a plan: next year's September 11th, 2.5 to 3 million Catalans (including the speaker) taking buses at 5 AM and arriving at Puerta del Sol in Madrid at 11 AM. The reason given is that it's a holiday there but a workday elsewhere. The punchline is that seeing two million Catalans on Puente (bridge?) would bother people more than independence. The speaker thanks the audience, ending the joke.

Now, I need to label each line with the appropriate role. Let's go line by line.

1. "simplemente creo que se están manifestando donde no tocan" – This sets up the problem, so maybe "establishing context".
2. "se tienen que ir a la raíz del problema" – This is part of the setup, explaining the need to address the root cause.
3. "por eso yo propongo que el año que viene el próximo 11 de septiembre los 2 millones y medio o 3 de catalanes que se suelen manifestar siempre y yo, por tocar los cojones básicamente" – This is the setup introducing the proposed action.
4. "cogemos unos autobuses a las 5 de la mañana y nos plantamos a las 11 en punto en la puta puerta del Sol de Madrid." – This is the escalation, detailing the plan.
5. "Y diréis, ¿por qué?" – This is a setup question, leading to the punchline.
6. "Porque aquí es festivo, pero allí es laboral." – This is the punchline, providing the unexpected reason.
7. "Solo con ver a dos millones de catalanes de Puente les joden más que la independencia,tíos." – This is the punchline, comparing the effect of the demonstration to independence.
8. "Gracias. END OF JOKE." – Wrap-up, ending the joke.

Wait, but the line "porque aquí es festivo..." is the setup for the punchline. Then the next line is the punchline. So maybe the

=== Prompt 167 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English. Please make sure to label each line correctly. The joke has 14 lines. The answer must be in JSON format. Here's an example of the format: {"ANSWER": ["establishing context", "setup", ...]}.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. The user provided a Spanish joke and wants each line labeled with its role. The labels are in English, so I need to make sure I understand each part correctly. Let me start by reading through the joke line by line and identifying the structure.

First line: "Al poco de separarme conocí a una chica y empecé a salir con una chica, un poco más joven que yo, un par de generaciones más joven que yo." This seems like setting up the situation. The speaker is talking about meeting a girl after a breakup, so this is establishing context.

Second line: "Me quedé alucinado de cómo vienen preparadas las chicas, o sea, es alucinante." Here, the speaker expresses amazement, which is the setup for the joke. It's introducing the main point about girls being prepared.

Third line: "Porque los chicos no, porque un chico de 20 años que dice soy un fucker y dices, claro, eres el fucker de mami, ven aquí que te doy un abrazo." This is contrasting boys with girls. It's setting up the contrast, so maybe setup or escalation? Wait, the setup is the initial setup, and this is expanding on that contrast. Maybe escalation here.

Fourth line: "Pero una chica de 20 años viene preparada, bueno, se ha visto todo en internet." Here, the speaker explains why girls are prepared, linking it to the internet. This is part of the setup, explaining the premise.

Fifth line: "Claro, es que con internet ha evolucionado todo mogollón, porque yo cuando iba a la universidad las categorías de internet de porno eran rubias, morenas y poco más." This is providing more context about the evolution of internet content, which is part of the setup or escalation. It's expanding on the previous point about internet's role.

Sixth line: "Búscate la vida." This seems like a non-sequitur or maybe a misdirection. It's a bit abrupt, so perhaps misdirection? Or maybe it's a

=== Prompt 168 ===
 The joke is as follows:
Line 1: Yo iba en plan romántico, a hacer el amor, un poco de velitas, un poco de incienso, un poco de jazz, ¿sabes?
Line 2: Ella venía a perderle el respeto al cuerpo humano.
Line 3: O sea, yo me quedaba acojonado.
Line 4: Tú sabes, hubo un momento que estaba yo tumbado, boca arriba, ella estaba encima de mí cabalgando hacia el apocalipsis como si no hubiera mañana.
Line 5: De estos momentos, chicos, en los que dudas si sigues participando de eso, ¿no?
Line 6: Sigo yo...
Line 7: Y de repente se viene arriba y me grita, me dice ¡Insúltame! ¡Escúpame! ¡Pégame!
Line 8: Claro,yo que soy Estado Diamante otra generación,lo primero que pienso es a ver,si lo haces bien no hace falta,¿no?
Line 9: Gracias. END OF JOKE.
Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke and identify each part's role. The user wants each line labeled with one of the specified roles. Let me start by reading through the joke again and breaking it down.

Line 1: "Yo iba en plan romántico, a hacer el amor, un poco de velitas, un poco de incienso, un poco de jazz, ¿sabes?" – This seems like setting up the scene. The speaker is describing a romantic plan with candles, incense, jazz. So this is probably establishing context.

Line 2: "Ella venía a perderle el respeto al cuerpo humano." – This introduces a contrast. The woman is coming to disrespect the human body. Maybe this is the setup, but I need to check. Wait, the setup is usually the part that leads to the punchline. Maybe this is part of the setup, but maybe it's the escalation? Hmm.

Line 3: "O sea, yo me quedaba acojonado." – "O sea" is like "meaning" or "so," so this is explaining the previous line. The speaker is nervous. This might be part of

=== Prompt 169 ===
 Please provide the answer in the specified format.
Okay, let me try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke and identify the different parts. The joke is in Spanish, so I'll need to parse it carefully.

The first line: "Yo creo que por eso me gusta, porque a mí me gustan mucho los animales, de verdad, me gusta un montón..." This seems like the setup. The speaker is explaining why they like something, which is probably the zoo, but the humor might come from the contrast later. So maybe "establishing context" here.

Next line: "...pero tanto como para ir al zoo, o sea, yo voy al zoo activamente, sin sobrinos, o sea, voy porque quiero." This is explaining the extent of their liking, establishing that they go to the zoo actively. Still setup, maybe "escalation" because it's building up to the punchline.

Third line: "O sea, me gustan tanto los animales como para ir al zoo, ¿sabes?" This is reinforcing the idea that their love for animals is strong enough to go to the zoo. Maybe "escalation" again, building up the contradiction.

Fourth line: "Pero no tanto como para estar en contra de los zoos, eso ya es un nivel superior, ¿sabes?" Here, the speaker is introducing a contrast. They like animals enough to go to the zoo, but not enough to oppose zoos. This is the setup leading to the punchline, so maybe "setup" or "escalation."

Next: "Esta gente que dice, no, yo prefiero verlos en libertad porque ahí sufren y tal..." This is introducing the opposing viewpoint, which is the setup for the punchline. So "setup" or "misdirection" maybe?

Then: "...yo prefiero que sufran y que estén en mi ciudad, o sea, sí, porque no tengo ese nivel todavía, ¿sabes?" Here, the speaker is contradicting the opposing view, stating they prefer animals to suffer in their city rather than in the wild. This is the punchline, so "punchline" or "subversion."

Next line: "De hecho, además tampoco creo que esté tan claro que sufren." This is adding another layer, supporting the speaker's point. Maybe "escalation" or "supporting the punchline."

Then

=== Prompt 170 ===
 Also, provide a brief explanation in English for each label. Here is the joke: 

O sea, porque a lo mejor tú ves a las cebras ahí que efectivamente están en una jaula más pequeña que la sabana, ¿no?\n
Pero están protegidos sin depredadores, ¿sabes?\n
Y a veces incluso a lo mejor de su jaula ven al león que está en otra jaula y vacilan en plan, ¿qué pasa, qué pasa, león?\n
Que tienes dientes pero comess del cubo igual que yo. END OF JOKE.
Okay, let me try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the joke itself. The setup seems to be about zebras in a smaller enclosure compared to the savanna, but they're protected from predators. Then there's a part where they see a lion in another cage and hesitate, questioning the lion. The punchline is that the lion has teeth but eats from the same cube as them, implying they're both in captivity and maybe not so different.

Starting with the first line: "O sea, porque a lo mejor tú ves a las cebras ahí que efectivamente están en una jaula más pequeña que la sabana, ¿no?" This seems like setting up the scenario. The speaker is explaining that zebras are in a smaller enclosure than the savanna, which might be a contrast. So this is probably establishing context or maybe setup. Wait, "establishing context" is when you set the scene, and "setup" is the part that leads to the punchline. Maybe this is the setup because it introduces the situation.

Next line: "Pero están protegidos sin depredadores, ¿sabes?" This adds more info, explaining that they're safe without predators. This might be part of the setup, building up the scenario. So maybe this is still setup.

Third line: "Y a veces incluso a lo mejor de su jaula ven al león que está en otra jaula y vacilan en plan, ¿qué pasa, qué pasa, león?" Here, the zebras see the lion in another cage and hesitate. This seems like escalation, building up to the punchline. The hesitation and the question to the lion are leading towards the twist.

Fourth line: "Que tienes dientes pero comess del cubo igual que yo." The punchline

=== Prompt 171 ===
 Please do not add any other text. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Here is the joke again, line by line:

O sea, no sé, ¿sabes? No, los animales molan.
Yo tengo peces en casa, tengo un acuario, esto me da vergüenza decirlo, ¿sabes?
Porque si siempre conozco a alguien con un acuario pienso, ¡qué pringado!
Pero yo tengo peces, lo siento, me da vergüenza decirlo.
Si los cuido un montón, a mis peces, yo me entero de todo lo que ocurre en ese acuario.
Si un pez nada un poco jodido, si uno come de más, yo soy como una madre para ellos.
Soy como una pezona,estoy súper encima,mido todo,el agua,la crueldad del agua,el pH,el JPG,el PDF,o sea,todo realmente lo tengo aquí,¿sabes?
Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke and identify the different parts. The user has provided a list of labels to assign to each line, so I need to go through each line one by one and determine which label fits best.

Starting with the first line: "O sea, no sé, ¿sabes? No, los animales molan." This seems like an introductory line, maybe setting the scene or starting a conversation. The phrase "O sea" is like "I mean" or "you know," which is often used to start a casual conversation. The mention of animals being cool might be setting up a topic, so maybe this is "establishing context."

Next line: "Yo tengo peces en casa, tengo un acuario, esto me da vergüenza decirlo, ¿sabes?" Here, the speaker is revealing they have fish and an aquarium, which is a bit of a personal detail. The mention of embarrassment might be setting up the humor, so this could be "setup" as it introduces the main point of the joke.

Third line: "Porque si siempre conozco a alguien con un acuario pienso, ¡qué pringado!" This line explains

=== Prompt 172 ===
 Please make sure to only use the labels given in the instructions and not invent new ones. You may also use the label non-line for lines that are not part of the joke, such as the line "END OF JOKE.".
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the joke's structure. The user provided a Spanish joke, and I need to break down each line into its role. The labels are specific, so I need to be careful.

Starting with the first line: "Y de hecho está en la entrada de casa." This seems like setting the scene, so maybe "establishing context." The next line talks about someone entering the house and creating a situation with the aquarium. That's probably the setup. Then the speaker mentions being obligated to show the aquarium, which could be escalation. The part where they mention the fish coming from Australia and the need to show it might be part of the setup or escalation. 

The lines about the other person being obligated but not caring might be subversion or misdirection. The comparison to the audience ("un poco como vosotros ahora") could be a callback or redirection. The punchline might be the part where they want the moment to end, which is a punchline. The wrap-up could be the final lines about friends with kids. The "END OF JOKE." is a non-line. I need to check each line again to assign the correct labels accurately.
### ANSWER
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "setup", "subversion", "misdirection", "timing", "callback", "punchline", "redirection", "non-line", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 173 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English. The joke is the following: 

Line 1: Qué pesados son, de verdad, los padres con los hijos.
Line 2: Mira este dibujo. Qué interesante, tu hijo de cinco años.
Line 3: ¿Qué dibujos? ¿Tienen más?
Line 4: O sea, no sé. No sé, ¿sabes?
Line 5: Yo, mira, yo en los temas polémicos de la humanidad los temas así filosóficos tal nunca tengo una razón formada...
Line 6: ...porque unos argumentan en una dirección otros en otra, las dos formas de argumentar me parecen válidas nunca tengo una opinión formada...
Line 7: ...salvo en el tema del aborto, yo estoy a favor totalmente del aborto, el aborto tardío, hasta los 10
Line 8: o sea,yo creo que sí,sí,que se acerca tu hijo de 9 largo tiempo in un rotulador aluminio eofá y le dices,Junbior tu madre y yo no hemos tomado todavía la decisión
Line 9: Sí, sí, está guay eso END OF JOKE.
Let's break down the joke line by line to classify each line's role.

Line 1: "Qué pesados son, de verdad, los padres con los hijos." - This is the opening line that sets the scene, introducing the topic of parents being annoying with their children. It's the setup for the joke.
Line 2: "Mira este dibujo. Qué interesante, tu hijo de cinco años." - This line continues the setup by mentioning a drawing and expressing interest in the child's artwork, which is a common way to start a joke about parenting.
Line 3: "¿Qué dibujos? ¿Tienen más?" - This line is a response to the previous line, indicating confusion or a question about the drawing, which adds to the setup by showing the conversation is ongoing.
Line 4: "O sea, no sé. No sé, ¿sabes?" - This line shows the speaker's uncertainty or confusion, which is a form of misdirection or setting up for the punchline.
Line 5: "Yo, mira, yo en los temas polémicos de la humanidad los temas así filosóf

