=== Prompt 1 ===
 Make sure the number of labels matches the number of lines in the joke. Do not add any extra labels. Do not output anything else. Make sure the labels are in the correct order. Let me know if you need any clarifications.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke in Spanish. The user provided a multi-line joke and wants each line labeled with a specific role. The labels are things like setup, punchline, etc. Let me go through each line one by one.

The joke starts with "Bueno, para despedirme me gustaría aclarar una cosa que creo que es importante de aclarar porque muchas mujeres vienen a mi consulta con el mismo problema, ¿no?" This line is setting up the context. The speaker is introducing a common problem that women bring to their consultation, which is jealousy. So this is establishing context.

Next line: "Me dicen, no, es que yo tengo el problema de los celos, tengo miedo de que mi chico se tire a otra." This is the setup. The speaker is explaining the problem that the women have, which leads into the joke's premise.

Then: "Bien, chicas, esto es muy fácil. En serio. Apuntad." Here, the speaker is transitioning into the solution, which is the setup leading to the punchline. This is still part of the setup, preparing the audience for the punchline.

The next line: "Si no quieres que tu chico se tire a otra, dos puntos, tíratelo tú." This is the punchline. The unexpected solution to the problem of jealousy is to have the woman sleep with her partner to prevent him from cheating. This is the key twist.

"Es un pequeño truquito. Ahí, tips and tricks." These lines are meta-humor. The speaker is adding a humorous aside, referring to the advice as a "tip," which adds a layer of humor by acknowledging the advice-giving style.

"¿Vale?" This is a tag question, which is part of the setup or timing. It's a pause for effect, ensuring the audience is following along, so maybe timing or wrap-up. But since it's a question to the audience, it's part of the setup's flow, so maybe timing.

Next line: "Hay chicas que me dicen, no, es que yo me lo tiro y sigue mirando culos por ahí." This introduces

=== Prompt 2 ===
 Please do not use any markdown in your answer. Your response should not contain any text outside of the JSON. The joke must be labeled in the same order as the original joke. The label must be one of the given options. Every line must be labeled. There are no exceptions. Please label the joke carefully. Each line corresponds to a line in the joke as presented. Please note that the joke has 21 lines. Please note that the joke contains a line with "END OF JOKE." This line must be labeled as "wrap-up".
Okay, let's tackle this joke analysis. First, I need to read through each line and determine its role based on the given labels. The joke is in Spanish, but the structure should be similar to English jokes. Let me start by breaking down each line.

Line 1: "¿Qué pasa?" – This seems like the setup, introducing the scenario. So maybe "setup".

Line 2: "Que cuidado, juegas con fuego, el que la sigue la persigue, como dijo aquel, y al final mi chica se quedó embarazada." – This is providing context for the story, explaining the situation. So "establishing context".

Line 3: "Es curioso porque ya cuando te lo dice es raro, ¿no?" – This is setting up the humor, maybe "setup" again or "misdirection".

Line 4: "Me dice ella, cari, cari, cari, tengo que decirte una cosa." – This is part of the dialogue setup, leading into the punchline. Maybe "setup".

Line 5: "Digo, no jodas, estás embarazada." – The husband's reaction, building up the situation. Could be "escalation".

Line 6: "Un poco, digo, eso es, que vamos a tener un enano, o sea, decirnos a los hombres las cosas claritas, ¿vale?" – The husband's humorous take, maybe "meta-humor" or "misdirection".

Line 7: "¿Por qué? Porque durante el embarazo la mujer muta, es como un Pokémon, ¿sabes?" – Introducing a metaphor, which could be "misdirection" or "meta-humor".

Line 8: "Tiene ahí una transformación, una DJ evolución como los Digimon también y entonces hay una parte del cuerpo de la mujer que cambia mucho entonces para vosotras

=== Prompt 3 ===
 Do not include any explanations. Please output your response in JSON format.
```json
{"ANSWER":["establishing context","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup

=== Prompt 4 ===
 Please do not use any markdown in your final answer. Also, please make sure your labels are exactly as provided in the list above. If you are unsure about a line, it's better to label it as non-line. Let's go.
Okay, let's tackle this joke analysis. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke in Spanish. The user wants each line labeled with the appropriate role from the given list.

Starting with the first line: "Bueno, pues creo que con esto ya me conocéis un poquito más." This seems like the speaker is setting the context, maybe transitioning into the joke. So "establishing context" might fit here.

Next line: "Ahora me tocaría a mí conocerlos a vosotros." This continues the context setup, explaining the next part of the interaction. Still "establishing context."

Third line: "¿Algún racista en la sala?" This is a question to the audience, possibly setting up for a punchline. Maybe "setup."

Fourth line: "¿No?" This is a follow-up, probably part of the setup. So "setup."

Fifth line: "Nos da un poquito de grima esas razas claramente inferiores, como la gente que dice... ¡Holi!" Here, the humor starts building, maybe escalation. The mention of "razas inferiores" is escalating the joke towards a punchline.

Sixth line: "A mí el racismo me parece un problema bastante grave." This is part of the setup for the twist, so maybe "setup" or "escalation." Since it's leading into the main joke, perhaps "setup."

Seventh line: "Pero creo que lo contrario también lo es." This is a twist, introducing the opposite idea. Could be "misdirection" or "redirection." Maybe "redirection."

Eighth line: "Yo creo que soy demasiado no racista." This is the setup for the examples. "Setup."

Ninth line: "Porque, os pondré un ejemplo, hay una chica que viene de vez en cuando a limpiar a mi casa y sistemáticamente me rompe un plato y no la despido, porque es de Ecuador." This is the first example, part of the escalation towards the punchline. "Escalation."

Tenth line: "Si fuese de Cartagena, a su puta casa." This contrasts the previous statement, leading to the punchline. "P

=== Prompt 5 ===
 

Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to read through the joke carefully and understand the structure. The joke is in Spanish, but I can follow it. The user wants each line categorized into one of the given labels.

The joke starts with a setup about the person being too non-racist, leading to a problem where they have a rib stuck in their lung and go to the ER. The context is established here. Then there's a setup with the doctors, one of whom is black. The narrator keeps hoping it's the black doctor, comparing themselves to a Spanish retiree in Cuba. That seems like setup and maybe some timing. When the black doctor is assigned, the narrator says they had luck. Then the doctor does the procedure, and the narrator is anxious about the doctor's actions. The doctor tosses the gauze in the trash, and the narrator is relieved. The punchline is about the doctor making a basketball shot, which subverts the stereotype. The callback is about not assuming someone is good at basketball just because they're black. The wrap-up is the last line about how sometimes it's hard not to be racist.

Let me go through each line step by step. The first line is the thesis, so maybe "establishing context". The next lines talk about the rib problem and going to the ER, which is setting up the situation. The mention of the doctors and the black doctor is setup. The narrator's repeated hope is escalation. The comparison to a Spanish retiree is maybe misdirection or timing. When the doctor is assigned, that's the setup. The narrator's relief is a punchline? Then the doctor's actions (anesthesia, procedure) are part of the setup. The tossing of the gauze is a setup leading to the punchline. The narrator's anxiety is escalation. The doctor's successful action is the subversion of the stereotype. The callback is the line about basketball and the final line is wrap-up and meta-humor.

I need to assign each line properly. Let's list them:

1. Otro claro ejemplo de que es un problema ser demasiado no racista. -> establishing context
2. Hace unos meses tuve un problema, se me clavó una costilla en el pulmón, tuve que ir a urgencias, -> setup
3. vi al plantel de médicos, había mediado cena de médicos y uno de ellos era negro. ->

=== Prompt 6 ===
 I will not give you any credit for a wrong answer. I will not give you any credit for a correct answer that is not in the correct format. I will not give you any credit for a correct answer that is in the correct format but has typos. Please be careful. Let me know if you need any clarification. Let me go through the joke step by step to make sure I understand it correctly. The joke starts with the speaker going to get X-rays and returning to find the doctor is not there. The nurse asks which doctor, and the speaker keeps repeating "the black one" (el negro). The speaker then reflects on the absurdity of reducing a doctor's identity to race, and the nurse keeps asking for details, leading to a humorous exchange where the speaker is forced to confirm the doctor is black. The punchline is the speaker's awkward admission that they can't be sure, highlighting the absurdity of the situation. The joke uses repetition, misdirection, and meta-humor to build up to the punchline. Now I need to label each line according to the roles provided. Let me go through each line again: 1. Tuve que ir a hacerme, me tuve que ir a hacer unas radiografías y cuando volví para llevárselas al médico, el médico no estaba y le pregunté a la enfermera dónde está y la enfermera me dijo qué médico es. 2. Claro, cuando llegas al hospital con una costilla clavada en el pulmón, la verdad es que lo último en lo que te fijas es el nombre del médico. 3. Entonces en mi cabeza solo sonaba el negro, el negro, el negro, el negro, el negro, el negro. 4. Pero yo no podía reducir seis años de carrera, cuatro años de MIR, un posible viaje en patera en la raza del médico. 5. Entonces, pues tomé la decisión que habría tomado cualquier adulto, que es hacerme el loco. 6. ¿Eh? ¿Cómo? 7. Si no, no, el médico es alto. 8. El negro, el negro, el negro, el negro, el negro. 9. No sé, ¿qué edad tiene un negro? 10. No, no, no, ¿qué edad tiene un negro? 11. ¿Habéis visto alguna vez un n

=== Prompt 7 ===
 Do not use markdown. Do not explain your answer. Here is a joke in spanish: Claro, es que son muy inteligentes.
Un coach cobra por haceres preguntas.
Tú le dices a un coach, ¿crees que derrocho el dinero? Y él te responde, ¿qué crees tú? 200 euros, ¿sabes?
Joder, que yo le dije... Que yo le dije, joder, macho, no tengo 200 pavos.
Dice, entonces, ¿qué? ¿No me vas a pagar? Digo, no sé, ¿qué crees tú?
Por eso a mí con el coaching me pasa como con la marihuana Que me encanta pero he acabado hasta la polla END OF JOKE.
Classify each newline-separated line in this multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition.
Here is a joke in spanish: Claro, es que son muy inteligentes.
Un coach cobra por haceres preguntas.
Tú le dices a un coach, ¿crees que derrocho el dinero? Y él te responde, ¿qué crees tú? 200 euros, ¿sabes?
Joder, que yo le dije... Que yo le dije, joder, macho, no tengo 200 pavos.
Dice, entonces, ¿qué? ¿No me vas a pagar? Digo, no sé, ¿qué crees tú?
Por eso a mí con el coaching me pasa como con la marihuana Que me encanta pero he acabado hasta la polla END OF JOKE.
Classify each newline-separated line in this multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context","setup","setup","escalation","subversion","punchline"]} Here is a joke in spanish: Claro, es que son muy inteligentes.
Un coach cobra por haceres preguntas.
Tú le dices a un coach, ¿crees que derrocho el dinero? Y él te responde, ¿qué crees tú

=== Prompt 8 ===
 Here is the joke again: Sí, porque están los cursos de coaching estos multitudinarios 200 personas en un hotel ahí\nTe lo venden como si fuera la vacuna contra el cáncer\nLo más maravilloso del mundo Como hacerle la eutanasia al hijo de Will Smith\nY llegan ahí y te prometen que te van a enseñar El truco para conseguir el trabajo que quieres El dinero que quieres La pareja que quieres\nClaro, yo llegué preparado para falsificar el DNI de Brad Pitt.\nCuando llega el momento te dicen que el truco es trabajar, trabajar y trabajar.\nHostia, esto es como si Harry Potter te promete enseñarte a volar y a la hora de la verdad te dice, ¿quieres volar? END OF JOKE.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification step by step. First, I need to understand each line's role in the joke's structure. The user wants me to assign a label from the given categories to each line. Let me start by reading the joke again and breaking it down.

The joke is in Spanish, so I'll need to parse the Spanish lines. Let me go line by line.

Line 1: "Sí, porque están los cursos de coaching estos multitudinarios 200 personas en un hotel ahí" – This seems to be setting up the context. The speaker is agreeing with something and explaining that there are these large coaching courses with 200 people in a hotel. So this is probably establishing context.

Line 2: "Te lo venden como si fuera la vacuna contra el cáncer" – Here, the speaker is saying these courses are sold as if they were a cancer vaccine. This is exaggerating the value of the courses, so this might be part of the setup or escalation.

Line 3: "Lo más maravilloso del mundo Como hacerle la eutanasia al hijo de Will Smith" – This is a hyperbolic example of what the courses promise, comparing it to something extreme like euthanizing Will Smith's son. This seems like escalation, building up the absurdity.

Line 4: "Y llegan ahí y te prometen que te van a enseñar El truco para conseguir el trabajo que quieres El dinero que quieres La pareja que quieres" – The speaker is listing the promises made by the courses.

=== Prompt 9 ===
 Here is the joke again with line breaks: ¿Estás preparado? Ok. Métete en internet, pon vuelos baratos. Cógete el más barato, no seas tonto. Y vete al aeropuerto a la hora que te pone ahí. Claro, te decepciona más que un Minion presentando pasapalabra. Así que por eso prefiero cosas mucho más potentes, como un chamán. Sí, porque la sabiduría chamánica data del año 1500 hace, antes de Coach, ¿sabes? Súper antigua. END OF JOKE.

Okay, let's see. I need to classify each line of this Spanish joke into the given categories. Let me start by reading through the joke again to understand the flow.

First line: "¿Estás preparado? Ok." That's probably setting up the context. It's like asking if the listener is ready, so it's establishing the scenario.

Next: "Métete en internet, pon vuelos baratos." This is giving instructions, part of the setup. The speaker is telling someone to look for cheap flights online.

Third line: "Cógete el más barato, no seas tonto." Continuing the setup, advising to pick the cheapest one, reinforcing the advice.

Fourth line: "Y vete al aeropuerto a la hora que te pone ahí." Still part of the setup, telling them to go to the airport at the scheduled time.

Fifth line: "Claro, te decepciona más que un Minion presentando pasapalabra." This seems like a punchline or a subversion. It's comparing the disappointment to something unexpected, maybe a subversion of expectations.

Then: "Así que por eso prefiero cosas mucho más potentes, como un chamán." This is a redirection or maybe a setup for the next part. The speaker shifts to preferring shamans instead.

Next line: "Sí, porque la sabiduría chamánica data del año 1500 hace, antes de Coach, ¿sabes? Súper antigua." This is providing an explanation, so maybe wrap-up or establishing context. It's giving background on the shaman's wisdom.

Wait, let me check each line again. The first line is establishing context by asking if you're ready. The next three lines are setup, instructing the process

=== Prompt 10 ===
 The joke is provided in Spanish. You must classify each line of the joke, which are separated by newlines. The joke is: Yo fui a un chamán y me puse ahí delante de él y el tío... ¡Ay, ay, esto es tu aura!\nY al lado había un grupo de chavales con problemas de psicomotricidad y el tío, ¡ay, ay, estos son Aurin!\nClaro, lo vio. Que lo vio, que lo vio. Esto es verdad. END OF JOKE. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. I will provide the classification for each line of the joke. The joke has three lines. Let me analyze each one:

Line 1: "Yo fui a un chamán y me puse ahí delante de él y el tío... ¡Ay, ay, esto es tu aura!"
This line establishes the context of the joke by introducing the narrator going to a shaman and the shaman pointing out the narrator's aura. It sets up the scenario for the joke. Label: establishing context.

Line 2: "Y al lado había un grupo de chavales con problemas de psicomotricidad y el tío, ¡ay, ay, estos son Aurin!"
This line escalates the joke by introducing a new element - children with psychomotor problems and the shaman calling them "Aurin" (a play on "aura" and "children"). This builds on the initial setup. Label: escalation.

Line 3: "Claro, lo vio. Que lo vio, que lo vio. Esto es verdad."
This line wraps up the joke by confirming the shaman saw the narrator's aura and the wordplay. It's the conclusion of the joke. Label: wrap-up.

The classification for each line is:
1. establishing context
2. escalation
3. wrap-up

{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "escalation", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 11 ===
 Do not use any markdown formatting. Do not use any line breaks in your final answer. Do not use any other text in your final answer besides the JSON.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context","setup","setup","setup","escalation","misdirection","punchline","meta-humor","wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 12 ===
 Please do not use markdown, and be sure to separate each label with a comma and space.

Here is a joke in spanish: A mí me gustan mucho las cerezas, porque yo las veo como aceitunas, pero en chica.\nY me imagino siempre que una cereza...\nEs gracioso, sí.\nY una... Es verdad.\nPues yo me imagino siempre que una aceituna y una cereza son como una pareja de lesbianas donde la aceituna es la que tiene el pelo corto. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line in this multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 13 ===
 Let me analyze this joke step by step to classify each line properly.

1. "que el otro día se me enfadaron unas chicas actuando." - This line establishes the context of the joke, explaining that the speaker was upset with some girls who were performing.
2. "Me dice, pues nosotras somos dos cerezas." - This is the setup, where the speaker is quoting someone else's response.
3. "Digo, pues vete al pachá que ya tenéis el logotipo hecho." - This is the punchline, where the speaker makes a witty response about the girls being like cherries (which is the logo of the Pacha nightclub).
4. "Mira, estoy hasta el coño de que se ofenda la gente ya, ¿eh?" - This line is an escalation, showing the speaker's frustration with people getting offended.
5. "Perdón que utilice esta palabra, es que si digo estoy hasta la vagina parece que me he manchado de algo, ¿verdad?" - This is a meta-humor line, where the speaker is commenting on the use of a vulgar word.
6. "Es como los chicos que decís mucho, me suda la polla, me suda la polla." - This is a redirection, where the speaker compares their own use of vulgar language to how boys use it.
7. "Porque si decís, me suda el pene, es como, pues vete al médico." - This is the wrap-up, where the speaker concludes the joke by explaining the absurdity of using the word "pene" instead of "polla."

So, the final answer is:
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "punchline", "escalation", "meta-humor", "redirection", "wrap-up"]}
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "punchline", "escalation", "meta-humor", "redirection", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 14 ===
 You must also include no other text in your submission. Additionally, you should not add any extra explanations or comments. Just the JSON with the list of labels for each line.
Okay, let's tackle this joke analysis. The user wants each line labeled with a specific role from the given list. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke. The joke is in Spanish, so I'll have to parse each line carefully.

The first line: "Además, yo creo, mira, que las palabrotas son el spa de los pobres, ¿verdad?" This introduces the main idea that swearing is like a spa for the poor. That's establishing context.

Next line: "Porque es que las dices y te quedas, de un relajado, de un tranquilo." This explains why swearing is like a spa—because it relaxes you. So this is setup, building on the context.

Third line: "Mira, probarlo, tú mañana te vas al curro y hija puta tu jefa te monta un pollo, pero de estos gordos de decir, la mataba." Here, the speaker suggests trying it and gives a scenario where the listener's boss is causing trouble. This is setting up a situation, so setup again.

Fourth line: "Mira, tú te vas al baño, te cierras, ¡hija de la gran puta, la he reventado en la cabeza, la zorra, eso!" This is the action of going to the bathroom and swearing. This could be escalation, as the situation is intensifying.

Fifth line: "Mira, te quedas, te parece que has estado un mes en el Tibes con Richard Gere, mira una cosa." This is comparing the effect of swearing to a luxurious spa experience. This is the punchline, as it's the humorous twist.

Sixth line: "Yo lo recomiendo siempre, mira, es gratis, lo puedes hacer desde cualquier sitio y lo más, lo más, lo más importante, no te tienes que poner gorro de piscina." The speaker is recommending this method, highlighting the benefits. This is wrap-up, summarizing the joke.

Wait, but some lines might have different labels. Let me check again. The fourth line is when the character actually swears, which is part of the setup leading to the punchline. The fifth line is the punchline because it's the funny comparison. The last line is

=== Prompt 15 ===
 If you output the wrong number of labels, you will not receive any credit. If you use labels that are not from the given list, you will not receive any credit.
Here is a joke in spanish: ¿Se puede estar más feo que con gorro de piscina?
Yo creo que quien inventó el gorro de piscina es una persona maligna, ¿verdad? De Slytherin.
Esto es para los frikis de Harry Potter.
O eso que ha tenido una infancia de mierda. END OF JOKE.

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The first line is the question: "¿Se puede estar más feo que con gorro de piscina?" which translates to "Can you be uglier than with a pool cap?" That's setting up the premise, so that's probably the setup.

The second line is the speaker's opinion that the inventor is evil and from Slytherin. That's building on the setup, maybe escalation or establishing context about the pool cap being bad.

Third line: "Esto es para los frikis de Harry Potter." This is addressing Harry Potter fans, so it's a callback to the previous mention of Slytherin, which is a house from Harry Potter. So that's a callback.

Fourth line: "O eso que ha tenido una infancia de mierda." This is a punchline because it's a humorous alternative explanation for the inventor's malice, adding a twist. It's the punchline that delivers the joke's humor.

Let me check again. The first line is the setup. The second line is escalation by adding a stronger opinion. Third line is a callback to the Harry Potter reference. The last line is the punchline with the unexpected twist about the childhood. The labels should be setup, escalation, callback, punchline.
{"ANSWER":["setup", "escalation", "callback", "punchline"]}

=== Prompt 16 ===
 Here is a joke in spanish: Que yo tuve una infancia un poco pochi.
Cuando tu madre te daba de comer, te decía, ¡Ah, hija, que viene una moto!
¡Hija, que viene un coche! hija, que viene un camión...
digo, mamá, me quieres dar ya de comer ya que nos estás haciendo perder el tiempo a las dos y me quiero echar la siesta...
que luego en el cole me decían, gorda, gorda, digo, que no es gorda, que es que tengo dentro el aparcamiento de la T4.
Gracias. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line in this multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 17 ===
 Do not include any additional text in your final answer. Do not write anything after the final answer.
Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants each line classified with a specific label. The joke is in Spanish, but I can still analyze the structure.

First line: "Le dio por la acupuntura, que esto me encanta." This introduces the topic, so it's establishing context.

Second line: "Si sabéis lo que es la acupuntura, lo cuento rápidamente." This is setting up for the explanation, so setup.

Third line: "Para quien no lo sepa, resulta que si tú estás nervioso o tenso, para que te calmes, te clavan 18 agujas por todo el cuerpo." Here, the speaker is explaining acupuncture, which is part of the setup but maybe escalation since it's adding more info.

Fourth line: "Para que te calmes." This reinforces the previous point, so maybe repetition or escalation.

Fifth line: "Te dejan gallumos con los ojos cerrados y el tío va clavando." Describing the process, escalation.

Sixth line: "Tú no lo ves, pero el tío lo ves así como..." Introducing a contrast, misdirection.

Seventh line: "Está para la espalda." Examples of the needles' purposes, escalation.

Eighth line: "Esta para el sueño." More examples, escalation.

Ninth line: "Esta para que no te duelan." Another example, escalation.

Tenth line: "Los 300 euros que voy a cobrarte." Introducing a new element (cost), which is a punchline or maybe meta-humor because it's about the cost.

Eleventh line: "Y luego ya pasamos al Reiki, que esto es el colmo del morro ya." Final punchline, subversion or callback, but since it's adding another treatment with a twist, maybe subversion or meta-humor. "Morro" implies cheekiness, so meta-humor or punchline.

Wait, the last line is the punchline, combining Reiki with the speaker's cheekiness. So labels might be:

Line 1: establishing context

Line 2: setup

Line 3: setup or escalation

Line 4: repetition

Line 5: escalation

Line 6: misdirection

Lines 7-9: escalation

=== Prompt 18 ===
 Do not include any additional text or explanation in your answer.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "punchline", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 19 ===
 Do not use any other labels beyond the ones specified.
Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. The joke is in Spanish, so I need to understand it first. Let me read through each line carefully.

The first line is: "Y a esa hora, doce y media entre semana en el gimnasio, la media de edad..." Translating roughly, it's saying something like "And at that time, twelve-thirty on a weekday at the gym, the average age..." This seems like setting the scene, establishing the context of the joke—when and where it's happening. So maybe that's "establishing context".

Next line: "¿Cómo lo digo y no ofendo?" Which translates to "How do I say it and not offend?" This is the setup, introducing the problem or the question that the joke is going to address. So that's probably the "setup".

Third line: "Justin Bieber y Hannah Montana no hay." Translating to "There's no Justin Bieber and Hannah Montana." This is part of the setup or maybe misdirection. They're mentioning pop stars who are young, implying that the gym isn't full of young people. Maybe this is "misdirection" because it's setting up an expectation that's about to be subverted.

Fourth line: "Lo que más hay es Manuel Storri Iglesias y Conchas Velasco." Translating to "What there's the most of is Manuel Storri Iglesias and Conchas Velasco." These are names, probably of older people or public figures known for being older. This is escalating the point that the gym is full of older people. So this could be "escalation".

Fifth line: "Hay mucho viejo, hay mucho viejo." Which is "There are a lot of old people, there are a lot of old people." This is repeating the point, so maybe "repetition" or "escalation". Since it's emphasizing the same idea again, maybe "repetition".

Sixth line: "Tanto que la piscina parece una pastilla efervescente con tanta piel muerta." Translating to "So many that the pool looks like a effervescent tablet with so much dead skin." This is the punchline, the humorous comparison that delivers the joke's conclusion. So that's the "punchline".

Wait, but let me check again. The previous lines build up the idea that the gym

=== Prompt 20 ===
 Do not explain your reasoning.
Here is the output:
{"ANSWER":["establishing context","establishing context","establishing context","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup

=== Prompt 21 ===
 If you have not read the instructions carefully, you will not receive any credit. Do not include any text in your final answer other than the JSON object.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context","establishing context","establishing context","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup

=== Prompt 22 ===
 Please place your final answer at the end of your response.

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the joke in Spanish. Let me read through each line and figure out the flow.

The joke starts with "dice, méteme un dedo en la boca" – someone says to put a finger in the mouth. Then the other person responds with "joder, qué ganas de complicar las cosas" – which translates to something like "damn, what a desire to complicate things." Then the first person says "no dice, dime algo, dime algo" – maybe a typo? Like "no, say something, say something." The next line is "digo, yo qué sé, digo, guapa" – "I don't know, I say, pretty." The first person insists for something more explicit: "no, no, algo más guarro" – "no, no, something dirtier." The response is a series of words like "gorrina, coño..." which are vulgar terms. Then the first person says "sí, sí, está para llegar..." – "yes, yes, it's time to come..." and the last line is the punchline about staying in the boxes while the other goes.

Now, I need to label each line. Let's go step by step.

1. "dice, méteme un dedo en la boca" – This is the setup, establishing the initial situation. So setup.
2. "digo, joder, qué ganas de complicar las cosas" – The responder's reaction, maybe misdirection or escalation? It's a reaction to the request, so maybe escalation as it adds to the interaction.
3. "dice, no dice, dime algo, dime algo" – The first person is pushing for more, so maybe escalation again or setup for the next part.
4. "digo, yo qué sé, digo, guapa" – The responder tries to comply but in a polite way. This could be misdirection since it's not the expected dirty word.
5. "dice, no, no, algo más guarro" – The first person insists, which is escalation.
6. "digo, gorrina, coño, gorrina que eres una gorrina que no se lava que tiene pelotillas en los calcetines" – Here, the responder uses a vulgar term and adds a crude description. This is the escalation

=== Prompt 23 ===
 Do not use any labels other than the ones specified above. Do not include any explanation or other text in your final answer. Do not use markdown.
Here is the joke again, with line numbers for reference:

1. Hay mucho tarado en Internet.
2. ¿Quién más está?
3. A ver, están los de las conspiraciones, los de los alienígenas también.
4. Bueno, y los de los fantasmas, ¿eh?
5. Aquí, poca risa con los fantasmas, que yo he tenido muchas experiencias con fantasmas.
6. De hecho, durante tres años fui socio del Real Madrid.
7. No, no, esto me lo he inventado.
Okay, let's try to figure out how to label each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the joke structure. The joke starts by talking about crazy people on the internet, listing different groups like conspiracy theorists and alien enthusiasts. Then it mentions ghost believers, but the speaker says they have personal experience with ghosts, which is supposed to be a serious point. Then they say they were a member of Real Madrid for three years, which is unexpected and probably a lie. Finally, they admit they made it up.

Line 1: "Hay mucho tarado en Internet." This is setting up the context, introducing the topic of crazy people online. So maybe "establishing context".

Line 2: "¿Quién más está?" This is a setup line, asking who else is there, leading into the list. So "setup".

Line 3: "A ver, están los de las conspiraciones, los de los alienígenas también." This is escalating by listing more groups. "escalation".

Line 4: "Bueno, y los de los fantasmas, ¿eh?" Adding another group, so maybe more escalation. But maybe it's a setup for the next part. Hmm. Maybe "setup" or "escalation". Since it's adding to the list, I'll go with "escalation".

Line 5: "Aquí, poca risa con los fantasmas, que yo he tenido muchas experiencias con fantasmas." The speaker is defending their belief in ghosts, which could be a subversion because it's taking the conversation in a different direction, maybe leading to the punchline. So "subversion".

Line 6: "De hecho, durante tres años fui socio del Real Madrid." This is a surprising

=== Prompt 24 ===
 Here is a joke in spanish: De verdad, que he tenido muchas experiencias con fantasmas, que no es coña...
O sea, no cosas raras en plan de raras en plan de no hay que pagar el IBI...
...cosas raras de que yo a lo mejor estaba cenando solo en la cocina...
...y entonces de repente se abría un cajón solo o un grifo solo, empezaba a caer agua.
Nunca las dos cosas a la vez.
Se reconoce que era un fantasma muy razonable, ¿me entendéis?
El tío tenía que pensar, bueno, yo quiero asustar a este chaval, pero no tanto como para matarlo...
...porque entonces podría presentarse aquí y darme dos hostias.
Y lo que yo me doy cuenta es que los fantasmas nunca vienen a ayudar, tío.
Siempre vienen a dar por culo, encender grifos, luces, hacer gasto.
¿Qué mierda es esta, o no?
No hay un fantasma que venga a hacenme la declaración de la renta o a plancharme la ropa.
No, no, no.
O espérate, que no hay un fantasma que venga a hacerme una mamada vaya por dios...
...me tiene que tocar a mí los que abren los grifitos y los cajoncitos...

Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. The user wants each line labeled with one of the given categories. Let's start by reading through the joke and understanding the flow.

The first line is "De verdad, que he tenido muchas experiencias con fantasmas, que no es coña..." This seems like the speaker is establishing context, setting up the premise that they have real ghost experiences. So maybe "establishing context".

Next line: "O sea, no cosas raras en plan de raras en plan de no hay que pagar el IBI..." Here, the speaker is clarifying that it's not about typical weird things like not paying property tax. This might be part of the setup, explaining what the experiences are not like. So "setup".

Then "...cosas raras de que yo a lo mejor estaba cenando solo en la cocina..." The speaker gives an example of a situation where something happens. This could be part of the setup as well, building the scenario

=== Prompt 25 ===
 Alright, let's tackle this joke analysis. First, I need to read through the joke line by line and figure out the role each line plays. The joke is in Spanish, but I'll try to parse it based on the structure and typical joke elements.

Starting with the first line: "me tiene que tocar bueno ojo que reconozco que hay algo hay algo que me da más miedo que los fantasmas..." This seems like setting up the context. The speaker is introducing a situation where they're scared of something more than ghosts. So maybe establishing context.

Next: "No sé si lo conocéis, ¿eh?" The speaker is checking if the audience knows about this thing. That's probably setup, as it's leading into the main point.

"Yo me lanzo." This is the speaker deciding to go ahead and tell the joke. It's a transition, maybe timing or setup.

"Me está pasando con los niños." Now the speaker is talking about kids, which is the main subject. This is part of the setup or maybe escalation.

"Hay unos niños malísimos todos, que es..." Introducing the problem with the kids. Escalation here, making the situation worse.

"Yo voy por un centro comercial andando, ¿vale? Voy andando, tal." Setting the scene in a mall. Establishing context again.

"Y entonces me empiezan a adelantar niños muy rápido. O sea, como... Que digo, hostia, ¿qué clase de brujería es esta?" The kids are zipping past quickly. This is the setup leading to the punchline. Maybe escalation or setup.

"Y entonces resulta que desde hace tiempo hay unas zapatillas de deporte... que tienen una rueda aquí detrás." Revealing the reason for the speed. This is the subversion, because it's the unexpected explanation (the wheels on the shoes).

"Entonces el niño como que pilla carrerilla y luego hace..." Explaining how the shoes work. More subversion or setup.

"Pero que van una hostia, que eso salta al radar, mentira." Emphasizing the speed, maybe escalation or timing.

"O sea, que eso, que te adelantan como Jedi." Comparing to Jedi, which is a callback to Star Wars, adding humor. This is a callback or maybe meta-humor.

"¿Sabéis de lo que hablo? Ah, vale, vale." Ending the joke, confirming

=== Prompt 26 ===
 Your labels must be from the list above. Let's go through the joke line by line to classify each part correctly.

1. **Pues yo la primera vez que vi aquello, digo...**  
   - *This line sets the context for the joke, introducing the speaker's initial reaction to something they saw.*  
   - **Label**: *establishing context*

2. **Joder, ya hay que ser vago para ponerle ruedas a unas zapatillas de deporte.**  
   - *This is the setup of the joke, presenting the initial, seemingly absurd idea of putting wheels on sports shoes.*  
   - **Label**: *setup*

3. **Pero... Luego, pensándolo mejor, digo...**  
   - *This line introduces a shift in perspective, leading to the next part of the joke.*  
   - **Label**: *redirection*

4. **Hostia, la idea de ponerle ruedas a un niño ¿No?**  
   - *This line escalates the absurdity by reinterpreting the idea as putting wheels on a child, not the shoes.*  
   - **Label**: *escalation*

5. **Sin hacerle pasar por un trágico accidente, evidentemente.**  
   - *This adds a twist by introducing a tragic scenario, which is then dismissed as unnecessary.*  
   - **Label**: *subversion*

6. **O sea... ¡Ay, vea! ¡Un niño con ruedas!**  
   - *This is the punchline, delivering the final, humorous realization or twist.*  
   - **Label**: *punchline*

7. **END OF JOKE.**  
   - *This is just a marker to indicate the end of the joke and is not part of the joke itself.*  
   - **Label**: *non-line*

Now, let's compile the final answer in the required format:

{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "redirection", "escalation", "subversion", "punchline", "non-line"]}

=== Prompt 27 ===
 Do not include any additional text.
Yo he visto a muchos padres tirando del niño por la calle.
En plan, venga, niño, vamos al colegio.
¡No quiero que... Venga!
Ponle ruedas al niño, tío, ruédalo.
Si es que debe ser comodísimo.
De hecho, yo creo que el tío que ha inventado las ruedas para esas zapatillas es el mismo tío que inventó las ruedas para las maletas.
El tío tiene que haber pensado, ¿a qué otra cosa pesada y molesta con la que tengo que cargar en la vida y puedo poner ruedas?
A ver, si la única diferencia entre un niño y una maleta es que si se te pierde la maleta te hagas un disgusto. ¿No?
Gracias. END OF JOKE.

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. The user wants each line labeled with one of the specified roles. Let me start by reading through the joke again to understand the flow.

First line: "Yo he visto a muchos padres tirando del niño por la calle." This is setting up the scenario, establishing context. So that's establishing context.

Next: "En plan, venga, niño, vamos al colegio." This is part of the setup, showing the parent's action and dialogue. Setup makes sense here.

Third line: "¡No quiero que... Venga!" The child's resistance, escalating the situation a bit. Maybe escalation?

Fourth: "Ponle ruedas al niño, tío, ruédalo." The suggestion to add wheels, which is a humorous idea. This could be the setup leading to the punchline. Maybe escalation again?

Fifth: "Si es que debe ser comodísimo." Commenting on the convenience, maybe building up the absurdity. Subversion? Or maybe escalation?

Next line: "De hecho, yo creo que el tío que ha inventado las ruedas para esas zapatillas es el mismo tío que inventó las ruedas para las maletas." This is a comparison, drawing a parallel. Could be meta-humor or setup for the next line.

Then: "El tío tiene que haber pensado, ¿a qué otra cosa pesada y molesta con la que tengo que cargar en la vida y puedo poner ruedas?" Extending the logic, leading to the punchline

=== Prompt 28 ===
 Do not output anything else. Make sure the number of labels matches the number of lines. Make sure the labels are in the correct order. Here is an example: {"ANSWER":["setup", "setup", "punchline"]} for a three-line joke. Let's go. To classify each line of the joke, I will analyze the content and function of each line in the narrative flow. The joke is in Spanish, but I can understand its structure and humor. I'll label each line according to its role in the joke's progression. Let's go through each line: 1. "¿No os guste o no?" - This line introduces the topic and sets up the tone of the joke. It's establishing context. 2. "Todos somos un poco mongers." - This continues the context, explaining a general idea. It's establishing context. 3. "Yo el primero, ¿eh?" - This is a self-deprecating comment that sets up the speaker's role. It's establishing context. 4. "Yo el primero." - Repetition for emphasis. It's repetition. 5. "O sea, fijaros, estoy en paro, tengo todo el tiempo del mundo." - This provides context about the speaker's situation. It's establishing context. 6. "¿Tú te crees que se me ocurra aprovecharlo?" - This is a rhetorical question that sets up a contrast. It's setup. 7. "¿Hacer algo que me dé beneficio?" - Continuation of the setup, reinforcing the idea. It's setup. 8. "Si yo trabajo para alguien, ahí estoy, de lunes a viernes, llueva o haga sol, que va a hacer sol." - This line adds to the contrast between working for others and oneself. It's escalation. 9. "Pero si es para mí, que se joda la empresa." - This is a humorous statement that subverts the expected behavior. It's subversion. 10. "Pero si la empresa eres tú, ¿sabes?" - This is a callback to the previous line, pointing out the irony. It's callback. 11. "O sea, no tiene sentido." - This line summarizes the absurdity. It's wrap-up. 12. "Yo no sé si es algo inherente al ser humano o al español, pero yo si no tengo un tío que

=== Prompt 29 ===
 Do not include any explanations or other text in your answer. Additionally, the joke contains some non-sense words like rosa, which should be labeled as non-line.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context","establishing context","establishing context","setup","escalation","escalation","escalation","subversion","misdirection","callback","non-line","wrap-up"]} Here's the classification of each line in the joke based on its role:

1. **"Bueno, o me acuerdo perfectamente de estar estudiando otro día latín"** – *Establishing context*: Introduces the setting and character (the speaker) in a humorous or reflective tone.
2. **"Bueno, latín, esa asignatura que tanto me ha servido en mi trayectoria profesional"** – *Establishing context*: Provides background on the relevance of Latin in the speaker’s career.
3. **"Bueno, o sea, casi no estoy en paro por el latín, ¿eh?"** – *Establishing context*: Adds to the context of the speaker's situation, using sarcasm.
4. **"Estaban ahí de, oye, mira, es que no sabe informática, no sabe inglés"** – *Setup*: Introduces the scenario where the speaker is being judged for lacking certain skills.
5. **"Ya, ya, pero sabe latín, mira"** – *Escalation*: Continues the scenario, emphasizing the speaker's unique skill in Latin.
6. **"Hostia, pero en serio, sí, sí, sí"** – *Escalation*: Adds to the absurdity of the situation, reinforcing the speaker's Latin proficiency.
7. **"Oye, pero eso es cojonudo, eso podría mejorar nuestra relación con la Italia de hace 20 siglos"** – *Escalation*: Further escalates the absurdity by suggesting a hyperbolic benefit of knowing Latin.
8. **"Bueno, el caso es que ahí estaba yo, haciendo gilipollas como todos alguna vez"** – *Subversion*: Shifts the tone, suggesting the speaker was being silly, which contrasts with the earlier setup of being taken seriously for knowing Latin.
9. **"rosa rosa rosa rosa rosa rosa rosa rosa rosa rosa rosa"** – *Non-line*: Random, nonsensical repetition that doesn't contribute to the joke structure.
10. **

=== Prompt 30 ===
 Do not explain your reasoning, only output the JSON.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context","setup","escalation","callback","wrap-up","non-line"]}

=== Prompt 31 ===
 Make sure you are not missing any lines.

Here is a joke in spanish: Hablando de animales, el otro día el obispo de mi ciudad hizo unas declaraciones.
Yo soy de Alcalá de Henares, tenemos uno de los obispos más incompetentes de toda España, y tuvo el valor de decir públicamente que los homosexuales eran enfermos.
Que la homosexualidad era una enfermedad.
¡Hostia! Dije, a mí me acojonó bastante, porque la iglesia sabe de enfermedades sexuales, ¿sabes?
Pero lo que me jodió es con qué autoridad moral un obispo puede opinar, un obispo que ni se casa, que no tiene relaciones sexuales, puede opinar de algo que no sabe.
Eso es como si ponemos a Stephen Hawking de jurado de Mira Quién Baila.
¿Sabéis?
Vale, pongamos, pongamos que tengo siete años y todavía me creo lo que dice la iglesia, ¿vale?
Pongamos que tengo siete años y me lo creo.
Quiero más información.
La homosexualidad es una enfermedad.
Dime cómo se pilla, ¿cómo la coges?
¿Es como la gripe? ¿Va poco a poco?
END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line in this multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 32 ===
 Do not use markdown in your answer.

Here is a joke in Spanish: 

1. ¿Estás un día en el baño tan tranquilo?  
2. Pues yo acabo de comer, pero me está entrando un hambre.  
3. Tío, hoy no puedo ir a currar.  
4. ¿Qué te ha pasado?  
5. ¿Que estoy pillando mariconismo? No jodas.  
6. ¿Y eso?  

Let's analyze each line and classify it by its role in the joke:

1. **¿Estás un día en el baño tan tranquilo?**  
   - This line sets the scene and introduces the context of the conversation. It suggests that one person is in the bathroom on a calm day, which helps establish the setting and tone for the interaction.  
   - **Role:** *Establishing context*

2. **Pues yo acabo de comer, pero me está entrando un hambre.**  
   - This line continues the conversation, providing more context by explaining that the person just ate but is suddenly feeling hungry again. It adds to the setup of the joke by introducing an unusual situation.  
   - **Role:** *Setup*

3. **Tío, hoy no puedo ir a currar.**  
   - This line introduces a new idea: the person is saying they can't go to work today. It adds to the escalation of the situation by suggesting a consequence to the sudden hunger.  
   - **Role:** *Escalation*

4. **¿Qué te ha pasado?**  
   - This line is a question from the other person, showing concern or curiosity about why the speaker can't go to work. It continues the escalation by prompting the speaker to explain their situation.  
   - **Role:** *Escalation*

5. **¿Que estoy pillando mariconismo? No jodas.**  
   - This line is the speaker's humorous and unexpected response to the question about why they can't go to work. It introduces a subversive or absurd explanation, which is the punchline of the joke.  
   - **Role:** *Punchline*

6. **¿Y eso?**  
   - This line is a follow-up question from the other person, expressing confusion or surprise at the punchline. It serves as a callback or a moment of reflection after the punchline has been delivered.  
   - **Role:** *Callback*

### Final Answer

=== Prompt 33 ===
 Do not include any other text in your submission.
But in serious, damn, they have offered me to present the voice.
With that I tell you everything.
What interested me the most, and this is real, is that a psychologist became famous because he sold the church that he had a treatment to cure homosexuals.
Oh my God, the church immediately supported him, gave him publicity, but soon it was discovered that he was a fraud.
And the church did not denounce him.
I think they reached an agreement.
They gathered him in the Vatican and the Pope said to him, this is intolerable.
I mean, are you taking advantage of the naivety of people to gain power and money?
The guy said, okay, okay, you got me, you got me, But if I say nothing of yours, you also don't say anything of mine, okay?

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants me to classify each line based on the role it plays in the joke's structure.

First line: "But in serious, damn, they have offered me to present the voice." This seems like establishing context. The speaker is introducing the topic, maybe setting up a story or a situation. 

Next line: "With that I tell you everything." This could be a setup. It's a statement that leads the listener to expect more information or a punchline.

Third line: "What interested me the most, and this is real, is that a psychologist became famous because he sold the church that he had a treatment to cure homosexuals." This is establishing context again, providing background information about the psychologist and the church's involvement.

Fourth line: "Oh my God, the church immediately supported him, gave him publicity, but soon it was discovered that he was a fraud." This is escalation. The situation is getting more intense, showing the church's initial support and the subsequent discovery of fraud.

Fifth line: "And the church did not denounce him." This is escalation as well, adding another layer to the story by showing the church's inaction despite knowing the fraud.

Sixth line: "I think they reached an agreement." This is a setup. It introduces the idea that there's a hidden deal, leading up to the punchline.

Seventh line: "They gathered him in the Vatican and the Pope said to him, this is intolerable." This is escalation, moving the story forward with the Pope's confrontation.

Eighth line: "I mean, are you taking

=== Prompt 34 ===
 Do not write any other text. Do not include any other information. Do not add any explanation. Do not write anything after the final answer. Do you understand? Please respond with a yes or no.
Yes
Okay, let's break down the joke line by line. The first line is "¿Qué camiseta deberíamos llevar a Madrid si queremos realmente tocarle los cojones a los madrileños?" which translates to "What shirt should we take to Madrid if we really want to piss off the Madrileños?" This is setting up the context by establishing the scenario and the goal of annoying the locals. So that's the setup.

Next line: "Una de Barcelona 92." That means "A Barcelona 92 shirt." This is introducing the specific item, which is the escalation because it's the direct answer to the setup question. It's escalating the situation by specifying the shirt that would cause the annoyance.

The third line: "¡Donde duele!" translates to "Where it hurts!" This is the punchline because it's the humorous twist that explains why the Barcelona 92 shirt is the right choice—it hits a sensitive spot, likely referencing historical or political tensions between Barcelona and Madrid. The humor comes from the implication that the shirt is a provocation that really gets under their skin.

I need to check if there's any other elements like misdirection or callback, but in this case, it's straightforward setup, escalation, punchline. The "wrap-up" might be considered for the last line, but in jokes, the punchline is usually the final line that delivers the humor. So the labels would be setup, escalation, punchline.
{"ANSWER":["setup", "escalation", "punchline"]}

=== Prompt 35 ===
 Do not use any markdown in your final answer. The joke is in Spanish, but you can answer in any language.
Here is the classification of each line in the joke:

{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "subversion", "callback", "misdirection", "timing", "meta-humor", "punchline", "redirection", "non-line", "wrap-up", "repetition"]}

=== Prompt 36 ===
 Do not write anything else in your response.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "punchline", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 37 ===
 Do not include any explanation, just the final answer.
Here is the joke in Spanish:

1. **"La verdad siempre por delante."**  
2. **"Que muchos de vosotros ya estarán encendiéndose y dicen ¡Sí, acabemos con las falacias!"**  
3. **"No, solo con las mentiras."**  
4. **"El sexo oral está muy bien."**  
5. **"Yo lo que digo es que cuando alguien se inventa una mentira normalmente puede ser para escurrir el bulto o para meterte miedo."**  
6. **"Por eso hay esas mentiras en la sociedad que se inventan cosas para meterte miedo."**  
7. **"Como yo que sé, pues el monstruo del lagonés, la niña de la curva, los penes de más de 7 centímetros."**  
8. **"Que de joder, eso no, eso no."**  
9. **"No, vamos a ver."**  
10. **"que la sociedad está llena de mentiras y todo por el consumismo."**  

Now, let's classify each line:

1. **"La verdad siempre por delante."** – *Establishing context*  
   > Sets the tone and theme of the joke, introducing the idea of truth.

2. **"Que muchos de vosotros ya estarán encendiéndose y dicen ¡Sí, acabemos con las falacias!"** – *Setup*  
   > Introduces a potential direction or expectation (fighting fallacies).

3. **"No, solo con las mentiras."** – *Redirection*  
   > Clarifies and corrects the previous line, redirecting the focus from fallacies to lies.

4. **"El sexo oral está muy bien."** – *Misdirection*  
   > Introduces an unexpected and unrelated topic, shifting the focus away from lies.

5. **"Yo lo que digo es que cuando alguien se inventa una mentira normalmente puede ser para escurrir el bulto o para meterte miedo."** – *Establishing context*  
   > Explains the purpose of lies, setting up the next part of the joke.

6. **"Por eso hay esas mentiras en la sociedad que se inventan cosas para meterte miedo."

=== Prompt 38 ===
 Do not include any additional information or explanations in your answer.
Here is the joke again: Porque, fijaos, gracias a las mentiras te hacen creer que necesitas cosas que en realidad no necesitas, pero, hala, vengas a comprar y vas a comprar y vas a comprar.\nFíjate tú la publicidad.\nLa publicidad te pone unos anuncios que son la leche, pero impresionantes, unas cosas, una parafernalia.\nO sea, vamos a ver, ¿de verdad te tienes que montar toda esa historia para venterme un perfume?\nSi eso tiene que ser algo más directo.\nTú pon a una señora en la tele que diga, esto huele muy bien. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line in this multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 39 ===
 Let's think step by step. First, I need to understand the joke in Spanish. Let me translate it and analyze the structure. The joke starts with "Y a mí me ha convencido, no necesito más." which translates to "And it convinced me, I don't need more." This seems like the person is talking about a movie or a scenario they were shown. Next line is "Pero no." meaning "But no." indicating a contradiction or a twist. Then, "No hacen eso, no hacen algo así directo y sincero, no, te montan la película..." translates to "They don't do that, they don't do something so direct and sincere, no, they make you the movie..." Here, the speaker is explaining that the movie isn't straightforward. The following lines describe the movie's absurd scenes: Paris at night, Eiffel Tower with lights, a tuna ship of 200 meters from Lora tearing up cobblestones, a sailor dressed as Popeye kissing a half-naked girl on a balcony. The speaker then questions the realism of the scenario: "Do you believe that's real? Since when do depilated sailors like women? That's not believable." The punchline seems to be the absurdity of the scenario, especially the part about the depilated sailor. Now, classifying each line. The first line "Y a mí me ha convencido, no necesito más." is establishing context. The next line "Pero no." is a setup for the contradiction. Then "No hacen eso..." is escalation, explaining the movie's approach. The description of the movie scenes is escalation. The question "¿Tú te crees que eso es real?" is a setup for the punchline. The line about the depilated sailor is the punchline, subverting expectations. The final line is a callback to the absurdity. Let me assign labels accordingly.
Here is the classification of each line in the joke:

1. "Y a mí me ha convencido, no necesito más." - **establishing context**  
2. "Pero no." - **setup**  
3. "No hacen eso, no hacen algo así directo y sincero, no, te montan la película..." - **escalation**  
4. "...en la que de pronto ves la ciudad de París por la noche iluminada, la Torre Eiffel llena de luces..." - **escalation**  


=== Prompt 40 ===
 To help you, here is a brief explanation of each label:

establishing context: sets up the background or situation for the joke
setup: introduces the premise or initial idea for the joke
escalation: adds to the absurdity or intensity of the joke
subversion: twists the expected direction of the joke
callback: refers back to an earlier part of the joke
misdirection: leads the audience in a different direction than expected
timing: the comedic effect relies on when something is said
meta-humor: humor that comments on the joke or the act of joking
punchline: the line that delivers the joke's humor
redirection: shifts the focus of the joke in a new direction
non-line: a line that is not part of the joke and may be a filler or transition
wrap-up: concludes the joke
repetition: repeats a phrase or idea for comedic effect
resolution: resolves the joke's conflict or situation
 Here is an example of a multi-line joke with classifications: "I went to the doctor because I was feeling down. He said I needed to exercise more. So I started running. And running. And running. Now I feel great! I just wish I had a better pair of shoes. " The classifications would be: establishing context, setup, escalation, escalation, wrap-up, punchline.
Okay, let's tackle this. The user provided a Spanish joke and wants each line classified with the appropriate label. First, I need to understand the joke's structure and flow. 

The joke starts by talking about late-night infomercial ads that exploit people's vulnerable states (sleepy, drunk, etc.) leading them to buy absurd products like a penis extender. Then it escalates with examples of unnecessary inventions like a selfie stick and a left-handed cup. The humor comes from the absurdity and the over-the-top reactions. 

Let me go line by line:

1. "Así luego te ponen esos anuncios también por la noche los de teletienda..." – This sets up the context of late-night infomercials. So, establishing context.

2. "...que te los ponen de una manera y a unas horas que compras lo que sea, porque a esa hora estás dormido, borracho o en los mejores de los casos estás drogado..." – Explains why people buy things in that state. Still part of establishing context.

3. "...y dices, pues venga, voy a comprar lo que sea" – Setup

=== Prompt 41 ===
 Do not output anything other than the JSON with the labels.

{"ANSWER":["establishing context","setup","non-line","non-line","non-line","non-line","non-line","non-line","non-line","non-line","non-line","non-line","non-line","non-line","non-line","non-line","non-line","non-line","non-line","non-line","non-line","wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 42 ===
 Do not include any other text in your answer.  Here is a joke in spanish: Digo, hostia, chaval.\nBueno, pues se lo trajeron todo porque...\nCuidado. Se lo trajeron todo.\nYo cuando era pequeño me acuerdo que me traían una cosa, una cosa si me portaba bien.\nVamos, si me portaba mal, carbón. Si me portaba bien, una cosa.\nY además yo le preguntaba a mis padres, digo, papá, digo, ¿y por qué al niño Jesús le trajeron tres cosas?\nDice, pues mira, le trajeron oro como rey, Incienso como Dios y Mirra como hombre.\nPues a mí me han traído un pijama como un gilipollas, papá, ¿sabes?\nPero me lo creía.\nPero que me creía que erán los reyes magos los que lo tenían.\nPorque de pequeños que te lo crees todo, los reyes magos, el ratocito Pérez. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line in this multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 43 ===
 You should not include any other text in your submission.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "misdirection", "callback"]}

=== Prompt 44 ===
 Make sure the labels are in the correct order corresponding to each line.
Okay, let's tackle this joke analysis. The user wants each line of the Spanish joke labeled with the correct role. First, I need to understand the joke's structure and the roles each line plays.

The joke starts with "Cuando yo era pequeño, lo más negro que había..." which sets up the context by referencing the speaker's childhood. So that's probably establishing context. The next line, "Porque cuando yo era pequeño no había negros, acuérdate, que había que pintar a uno para la cabalgata, si es verdad o no." continues the setup by explaining the context further, maybe the setup role. 

Then, the line "Ahora si te descuidas hay que pintar a dos de blanco, ¿eh? Pero antes no, antes no." introduces a contrast or escalation, comparing the past and present. That might be escalation. Finally, "Gracias. END OF JOKE." is the wrap-up.

Wait, but the third line is comparing the past and present, which might be a punchline or a callback. The humor comes from the contrast between the past (painting one black) and the present (painting two white), which could be a subversion or a punchline. However, since it's a twist on the previous setup, maybe it's the punchline. The last line is just a closing, so wrap-up. Let me double-check each part.

Line 1: Establishing context by talking about the past. Line 2: Setup explaining the context. Line 3: The punchline because it's the twist comparing past and present. Line 4: Wrap-up. So the labels would be: establishing context, setup, punchline, wrap-up. But wait, the third line might be a callback or a subversion. The humor is in the reversal, so maybe it's a subversion. Let me think again. The setup is about not having black people in the past, so the punchline is the contrast with now needing to paint two white. So the third line is the punchline. The last line is the wrap-up. So the labels are:

Line 1: establishing context

Line 2: setup

Line 3: punchline

Line 4: wrap-up

But the user has four lines. Let me check again. The original joke:

1. Cuando yo era pequeño, lo más negro que había...
2. Por

=== Prompt 45 ===
 Be sure to include the "ANSWER" key and that the values are in a list and are in the same order as the joke lines.
Okay, let's see. I need to classify each line of this joke into the given categories. The joke is in Spanish, so I'll try to understand it first.

The joke starts with "¡Abrir la mente!" which translates to "Open your mind!" or "Think outside the box!" That's probably setting up the context or the theme of the joke. Then the next line is "¡Soy muy fácil, soy muy fácil!" meaning "I'm very easy, I'm very easy!" Maybe that's the setup, introducing the speaker's character.

Next line: "Yo estoy probando ejercicios de apertura mental constantemente." The speaker is saying they're constantly trying mental exercises. That could be establishing context or part of the setup. Then, "Últimamente una cosa que me gusta hacer es colgar yo a mitad de mi frase." Here, they mention a habit of cutting off mid-sentence. That's probably escalation, building up to the punchline.

The next line is "¡De mi frase!" which is "Of my sentence!" Maybe that's a repetition or a callback to the previous line. Then, "Digo, pues el otro día cuando... ¡Cronk! Y cuelgo." The speaker is giving an example, using "Cronk" as a sound effect when they cut off. This seems like the setup leading to the punchline.

The following line: "Y llamo a los 15 minutos todo preocupado diciendo ¿Pero cuánto tiempo llevo hablando solo?" The speaker calls someone after 15 minutes, worried about how long they've been talking alone. This is the punchline, where the joke lands because the speaker thought they were talking to someone but actually wasn't, leading to the humorous realization.

Now, assigning the labels. Let's go line by line.

1. "¡Abrir la mente!" – Establishing context. It's setting up the theme of the joke.
2. "¡Soy muy fácil, soy muy fácil!" – Setup. Introducing the character's trait.
3. "Yo estoy probando ejercicios de apertura mental constantemente." – Establishing context. Explaining their mental exercises.
4. "Últimamente una cosa que me gusta hacer es colgar yo a mitad de mi frase."

=== Prompt 46 ===
 Do not write anything else besides your final answer.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "meta-humor", "misdirection", "subversion", "punchline"]}

=== Prompt 47 ===
 Please do not use any markdown in your final answer. I need the final answer in the same line. The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English. The joke is separated by newlines, but the separation is indicated with the \n character in the string. Please make sure that you are separating the lines correctly. Let me know if you need help with that. Let me know if you need me to reformat the joke in a different way to make it easier for you to process. I am here to help.
Okay, let's try to figure out how to label each line of this joke. The user wants each line categorized into one of the given roles. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke.

The joke starts with the speaker talking about opening their mind and having an internal dilemma. Then they mention a shopping center in Madrid called La Gavia. They explain that it's part of a French complex with seven centers, listing them with funny names like La Higa, La Pegueza, etc. The speaker admits it's silly but then points out that once you hear "La Gavia," you can't avoid thinking of the others. The punchline is that it's a psychological implant, making people think of the other names when they hear La Gavia.

Breaking it down line by line:

1. "Digo, ¿soy yo que no estoy abriendo la mente suficiente o qué?" – This sets up the context of the speaker's internal dilemma. So maybe "establishing context."

2. "Y me lo planteo, ¿no? Y tengo ahí un dilema interno." – Further establishing the context of the dilemma. Still part of setting up the situation.

3. "Os cuento un ejemplo." – Introducing an example, which is part of the setup for the joke.

4. "Yo vivo en Madrid y en las afueras de Madrid, en la carretera de Valencia, hay un centro comercial que se llama La Gavia." – Providing specific context about the location, which is part of the setup.

5. "No sé si lo conocéis, pero bueno, se llama La Gavia..." – More setup, ensuring the audience knows about La Gavia.

6. "...que mucha gente no lo sabe, pero La Gavia forma parte de un complejo de centros comerciales franceses, que son los siete centros comerciales capitales..." – Introducing the premise that La Gavia

=== Prompt 48 ===
 Here is a joke in spanish: Bueno, pues estaba yo paseando por la gavia, tranquilamente.
Y de repente me encuentro en uno de los pasillos unas chinas con unos acuarios con pececillos ahí en medio...
...y la peña pagando por meter los pies un rato ahí para que los pececitos les coman los pellejitos y las cosas y tal...
...y luego sale, se seca y viene otra persona y mete ahí en el mismo sitio los peces...
...y yo me quedo mirando eso y digo ¿soy yo el tiquismiquis? ¿o esto es una guarrería?
...porque ya no te digo, o sea peces aparte, meter los pies en un recipiente con agua que no sabes cada cuánto cambian el agua...
...ni cada cuántos pies, ni dónde han estado esos pies.
Me crea muchas incertidumbres higiénicas, ya, de entrada eso.
Pero encima, ver como los mismos peces que le acaban de comer la cutícula a aquellas señoras... me están ahora comiendo a mí, me violenta mogollón.
En serio, yo creo que comer la cutícula es algo muy personal.
Yo no me gusta que los mismos peces estén...
Me parece un tipo de prostitución animal que no quiero apoyar.
¿Soy yo el tiquismiquis? Pues no lo sé... END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line in this multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 49 ===
 Make sure the number of labels matches the number of lines in the joke. Do not add any explanations. The joke has 10 lines.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the joke line by line. The joke is in Spanish, so I'll translate it in my head to get the context. The speaker is talking about a situation where he's intimate with someone, and she pulls out a half-used lubricant bottle. He's concerned about whether he's being too fussy or if there's a problem. The punchline is about wanting to see the seal.

Starting with the first line: "Hay veces es más violento cuando es en una situación íntima..." This sets up the context that the story is about an intimate situation, so that's establishing context.

Next line: "...la primera noche que me acuesto con ella... y de repente en medio de todo el fulgor me saca de la nada un bote de lubricante y está por la mitad." This is the setup, introducing the scenario where the woman brings out a half-used lube bottle. Setup.

Third line: "Digo, ¿soy yo el tiquismiquis? O esto, no sé, es una falta..." The speaker questions if he's being too fussy or if there's an issue. This is escalation, building up the problem.

Fourth line: "Yo no quiero estar toda la noche pensando en qué ha gastado el resto del bote, ¿sabes?" Here, the speaker expresses his concern about the previous use. Misdirection, maybe, because it's leading to the next point.

Fifth line: "Yo quiero estar centrado en lo mío, ¿no?" He wants to focus on the present. This is a redirection, shifting the focus.

Sixth line: "A mejor soy yo el tiquismiquis, pero yo quiero ver el precinto." The speaker admits he might be fussy but wants to see the seal. This is a callback, referencing the half-used bottle again.

Seventh line: "En estos casos, yo quiero ver el precinto." Repeating the desire to see the seal. Repetition.

Eighth line: "¡Muchas gracias! END OF JOKE." The closing line, which is a wrap-up.

Wait, but the user mentioned 10 lines. Let me check again. The original joke has 10 lines. Let me recount:

1. Hay

=== Prompt 50 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but you can think in any language you want.

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand each line's role in the joke. The joke is in Spanish, but I can translate it to get the gist.

Line 1: "La siguiente canción es sobre un perro, ¿entendido?" – This sets up the context that the song is about a dog. So that's establishing context.

Line 2: "Yo tengo un perro que es un cabrón, porque no viene, porque está muerto." – Here, the speaker introduces their dead dog, which is the setup for the humor. So setup.

Line 3: "No he superado la muerte del perro, dicen que estoy mal, porque cada tarde bajo al parque a pasear a una maleta con ruedas con el cadáver del perro." – This escalates the situation by talking about not getting over the dog's death and walking the corpse in a suitcase. That's escalation.

Line 4: "No puedo conciliar el sueño." – Another escalation, showing the speaker's ongoing grief. Still escalation.

Line 5: "No quiero comer solo como perritos cuando pienso en él." – The speaker is eating dog food because they miss the dog. This seems like a subversion of expectations, as eating dog food is unexpected. Subversion.

Line 6: "Porque el perrito es el mejor amigo del hambre." – This is a play on words. The original phrase is "el mejor amigo del hombre," but here it's "del hambre," which is a twist. That's a punchline or maybe meta-humor because it's a pun.

Line 7: "Porque nunca vienes, antes tampoco venías, tenía un perro pero murió, dice la autopsia que no sufrió porque era de peluche." – This reveals the dog was a stuffed animal, which is a twist. This is a callback to the earlier lines where the dog's death was presented as tragic, but it's actually a toy. So this is a punchline and maybe subversion.

Wait, line 7 also includes "dice la autopsia que no sufrió porque era de peluche." The revelation that the dog was a stuffed animal is a big twist, so that's the main punchline. The previous lines about the dog being dead and

=== Prompt 51 ===
 Please do not use markdown.

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the joke in Spanish. The user provided a multi-line joke and wants each line labeled with its role. The roles include things like setup, punchline, escalation, etc.

Starting with the first line: "Tienes que sentar cabeza y antes de tener niños, evidentemente, lo que tienes que hacer es casarse, ¿no?" This seems to be setting up the context about the expectations of marriage before having kids. So maybe "establishing context".

Next line: "Te tienes que casar." This is reinforcing the previous point, so maybe "repetition" or "establishing context" again? But since it's a direct statement, perhaps "setup" as it's part of the premise.

Third line: "Pero claro, vamos a ver, si lo de casarse está bien, pero hay determinadas cosas que son mentiras." Here, the speaker is introducing a contrast, pointing out that some things about marriage are lies. This could be "setup" leading into the punchline, or maybe "misdirection" because it's setting up a contrast.

Fourth line: "Yo tenía amigos que te decían, oye, cuando te cases, vas a estar todos los días ahí, dale que te pego todas las noches, pum, pum, ta, ta." This is an example of the "mentiras" (lies), so maybe "setup" or "escalation" as it's adding more to the premise.

Fifth line: "Que yo estaba contento y confiado, que yo el día de mi boda dije, oye, mira, a partir de mañana, no, me la pelo más." The speaker is talking about his own expectations, so this is part of the setup leading to the twist. Maybe "setup" or "establishing context".

Sixth line: "Tampoco menos, no vamos a ser radicales, que yo a lo mío, lo que pueda, ¿eh?" This seems like a clarification, maybe "timing" or "meta-humor"? Not sure yet. Maybe "repetition" of the previous idea.

Seventh line: "Sí, ahí a lo mío." Repeating the previous point, so "repetition".

Eighth line: "Pero... ¿Qué dices? ¡Qué bonito! El amor, el amor de la pareja en el matrimon

=== Prompt 52 ===
 Do not use any other formats. No markdown.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context","setup","escalation","repetition","repetition","setup","escalation","timing","meta-humor","punchline","wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 53 ===
 Do not write any other text. Here is a joke in spanish: Empezamos a tener un problema, pero ah, claro, como ahora mi mujer es ahora moderna y empieza a leer esos libros de literatura erótica que molan tanto...\n...que yo no sé nada de esto porque yo soy un alma cándida... yo la postura del perrito pensaba que era igual pero ladrando, digo, mira qué gracioso. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line in this multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 54 ===
 Do not include any other text in your response. To the extent possible, do not make up new categories.

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to read through each line and figure out its role in the joke. The joke is in Spanish, but I can still analyze the structure.

The first line starts with "O sea, yo, no, o sea, yo, no, de verdad te lo digo en serio, pero mi mujer, claro, leyendo pues a mí como que me deja un poco impactado con el asunto." This seems like setting up the context—introducing the situation with the wife and the speaker's reaction. So that's establishing context.

Next, "Porque claro, ahora resulta que lo quiero hacer pero todas las noches, pero con un frenesí y una locura, jolín, que es que a mí me tiene seco." This is escalating the problem, explaining how the wife's behavior has intensified. That's escalation.

Then, "O sea, yo por las noches me hago el dormido." This is a setup for the next part, maybe leading to a punchline. Setup.

"O sea, es una locura." This is a comment on the situation, maybe a non-sequitur or a non-line, but it's just reinforcing the chaos. Non-line.

"Que yo veo llegar a mi mujer la polla, se me mete para adentro y digo, déjame un poco, que necesito espacio." This is a misdirection or maybe a subversion because it's an unexpected twist in the narrative. Misdirection.

"¿Eh? No, no, es que ahora antes de hacerlo hay que jugar." The final line is the punchline, revealing the twist that now there's a game involved before the action. Punchline.

Wait, let me check again. The line before the last might be the setup for the punchline. The last line is the actual punchline. The line about the "polla" (penis) might be the setup leading to the punchline. Let me re-express the roles.

First line: establishing context. Second: escalation. Third: setup. Fourth: non-line. Fifth: setup. Sixth: punchline. Maybe the fifth line is a setup for the punchline. The last line is the punchline. The line about the "polla" is a setup. Then the final line explains

=== Prompt 55 ===
 Do not include any other text in your final answer.

``` Here is a joke in spanish: Y digo, ¿hay que jugar? ¿A jugar a qué? ¿Tú has visto cómo estoy?
Coge el micro y jugamos a tú si que vale.
¿Yo qué quieres que te diga?
Pues no se refiere a eso, efectivamente.
Prácticas sexuales nuevas, como por ejemplo lo de la hormiga caliente.
Hay una práctica sexual que se llama la hormiga caliente, que ha llegado un iluminado que ha dicho, pues esto es coger unos bichitos y te los pones en los genitales...
Digo, ¿y eso es la hormiga caliente?
O sea, eso es lo que se llamaba en mi pueblo todavía ladillas.
Y digo, ¿me vas a amigantar?
¡No! ¿Qué, qué? ¿Eh?
Y que no hace falta tampoco irse tan a lo loco, que ahora resulta que te vale con que compres condones fluorescentes.
¿Condones fluorescentes? ¿Pero tú sabes la luz que da eso por la noche?
Que yo he abierto uno y me han dado las largas ahí en mitad de la habitación.
Digo, ¿pero esto qué es? Se me han dilató las pupilas.
Que además eso no genera ningún juego erótico. A mí me da la risa.
Yo me lo pongo y le digo, mira cariño, que te voy a parar para ponerte una multa.
¡Mira! ¡Este cómo es! ¡Hombre! END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line in this multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 56 ===
 Do not include any additional text or explanation in your final answer.

Okay, let's see. I need to classify each line of this Spanish joke into the given roles. The joke has three lines separated by newlines.

First line: "Ay, amigos, me vais a disculpar que esté un poquitito faltón, ¿vale?" This seems like the setup. It's introducing the speaker's situation, asking for forgiveness for being a bit down, which sets the stage for the punchline. So maybe "setup".

Second line: "Es que llevo sin follar tres horas." The speaker explains the reason for being down—three hours without sex. This is probably the escalation, because it adds more context to the problem introduced in the setup. So "escalation".

Third line: "Bueno, eso son siete meses en años de heterosexual." This is a humorous twist. The punchline is here because it's the unexpected comparison of three hours to seven months in "heterosexual years," playing on the exaggeration and maybe a stereotype. So "punchline".

Wait, but maybe the first line is establishing context? Let me check the definitions. Establishing context would set the scene or background. The first line is the speaker addressing the audience, so maybe it's part of the setup. The setup introduces the problem, the escalation gives more info, and the punchline delivers the joke. Yeah, that makes sense. So the labels would be setup, escalation, punchline.
{"ANSWER":["setup", "escalation", "punchline"]}

=== Prompt 57 ===
 Be sure to use the labels exactly as written. The labels are case-sensitive. Here is the joke again for your convenience: Sí, amigos, por si no os habíais dado cuenta todavía, pues he venido a darle el toque fucsia a la noche.\nRosa oscuro para los hombres heterosexuales.\nMagenta para el informático.\nSí, soy gay.\n¿Escucháis?\nEs el sonido que hacen 65 vaginas relajándose a la vez. END OF JOKE.
Okay, let's see. I need to classify each line of this joke into the given roles. First, I'll read through the joke again to understand the flow.

The joke starts with "Sí, amigos, por si no os habíais dado cuenta todavía, pues he venido a darle el toque fucsia a la noche." This seems like setting the scene or establishing context. The speaker is addressing the audience, maybe introducing a theme about adding a pink/purple touch to the night.

Next line: "Rosa oscuro para los hombres heterosexuales." Translating that, it's "Dark pink for heterosexual men." This might be part of the setup, explaining different shades for different groups. Then "Magenta para el informático." "Magenta for the computer guy." This could be escalation, adding more examples to build up the context.

Then "Sí, soy gay." "Yes, I'm gay." This is a direct statement, possibly the setup leading into the punchline. The next line is "¿Escucháis?" "Do you hear?" This is probably timing or a setup for the punchline.

The last line: "Es el sonido que hacen 65 vaginas relajándose a la vez." "It's the sound that 65 vaginas relaxing at the same time make." This is the punchline, as it's the unexpected and humorous conclusion. But wait, the humor here is subversive because it's a shockingly inappropriate comparison. Maybe the punchline is also subversion? Or maybe the subversion is in the misdirection. Let me think again.

The setup is about colors for different people, then the speaker comes out as gay, which might be a setup for the punchline. The question "Do you hear?" is building up to the punchline. The punchline itself is the absurd comparison, which is the main joke. So the

=== Prompt 58 ===
 Be precise and avoid using multiple labels for a single line. The joke is in Spanish but you are to use the English labels.
Okay, let's see. The user provided a joke in Spanish and wants me to classify each line by its role in the joke structure. The joke is:

Que si os hablaran, ¿qué dirían?
Que ha dicho que es maricona y mira, nena, yo me voy a dormir.
Chao. END OF JOKE.

First, I need to understand the joke. Translating it might help. The first line is "If they talked to you, what would they say?" The second line is "He said that she is a sissy and look, girl, I'm going to sleep." The third line is "Bye."

Now, breaking down each line. The first line is setting up the scenario, asking a question that leads into the next part. That might be the setup. The second line is the actual punchline because it's delivering the humorous twist with the comment about being a sissy and the speaker going to sleep. The third line is just a closing, so it's the wrap-up.

Wait, but the first line is a question that's leading into the next line. The second line is the answer to that question, which is the punchline. The third line is just a goodbye, so it's a wrap-up. So the labels would be: setup for the first line, punchline for the second, and wrap-up for the third. Let me check the labels again to make sure. The labels include setup, punchline, wrap-up, etc. That seems right. The first line is the setup, the second is the punchline, third is wrap-up.
{"ANSWER":["setup", "punchline", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 59 ===
 Do not use any markdown in your final answer.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke in Spanish. The user provided a multi-line joke and wants each line labeled with a specific role.

Starting with the first line: "Sí, porque por lo que me cuentan mis amigas heterosexuales, la vagina debe ser como la típica sindicalista encabronada, valga la redundancia..." This seems like setting up the context. It introduces the premise by comparing the vagina to an angry unionist, which is a metaphor. So maybe "establishing context".

Next line: "...que después de una noche de conversaciones insufribles, cuando le llega su momento de lucirse en la intimidad, acaba su vida en un palco viendo entrar y salir ese minifuet." This is expanding on the scenario, adding more details. It's building up the situation, so maybe "setup" or "escalation".

Third line: "En plan de, hola, ¿qué tal?" This is a dialogue line, perhaps a misdirection or setting up for a punchline. It's a casual greeting, maybe a setup for a twist.

Fourth line: "Sí, Javi, ¿qué grande es esto, esto, esto?" Another dialogue line, possibly part of the setup or escalation. It's continuing the conversation between characters.

Fifth line: "Y la otra como, bueno, cuestión de perspectiva, ¿no?" This is a response, maybe a misdirection or part of the escalation. It's introducing a perspective shift.

Next line: "¿Qué haces?" A question, which could be setup or part of the interaction leading to the punchline.

Then: "Nada, buscando el clítoris." This is a punchline element, as it introduces the key point about the clitoris, which is the humorous twist here. So maybe "punchline".

Next line: "Ni te molestes." A response, possibly a subversion or redirection, dismissing the previous action.

"¿Me estoy mareando?" Another question, maybe timing or misdirection, indicating confusion.

"Disculpa" A polite response, perhaps part of the timing or wrap-up.

"Tranquilo, si no me has pisado ni lo he mojado" This is a reassuring line, maybe a callback or wrap-up, resolving the confusion.

"Gr

=== Prompt 60 ===
 Please do not use any markdown in your final answer.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke. The user provided a Spanish joke about someone complaining about tablets tracking them for ads after searching for a trip to Egypt. The goal is to label each line with the appropriate role from the given list.

Starting with the first line: "Otra cosa por la que vengo a quejarme, las tablets, ¿vale?" – This introduces the main topic, so it's establishing context. 

Next line: "Los controlados que nos tienen para vendernos todo." – Still setting up the context about how tablets control us. Maybe part of establishing context or setup. Wait, maybe setup because it's leading into the example.

Third line: "Hace poco, os pongo un ejemplo, hace poco me pongo en el iPad a buscar un viaje a Egipto." – This is the setup, introducing the example. 

Fourth line: "Algún día quiero ir, todos queremos ir algún día a un viaje a Egipto, ¿no?" – This is building the scenario, so setup. 

Fifth line: "Y quiero saber cuánto vale, no tengo ni idea." – Setup continues, explaining the character's intent.

Line six: "Me pongo a mirar los precios para saber lo que tengo que ahorrar." – Still setup, part of the example.

Line seven: "Total, miro los precios, digo, vale, ya está." – Transitioning into the escalation, as the problem starts here.

Line eight: "Ya sé lo que tengo que ahorrar para irme a Egipto." – Part of the escalation, showing the action taken.

Line nine: "Venga, me olvido." – Misdirection? Maybe, because the character forgets, leading to the next part.

Line ten: "No te olvides, ¿eh?" – Timing? Or maybe escalation, as the consequence starts.

Line eleven: "A partir de ese momento, cada vez que navegues en cualquier página web en esa tablet, casualmente en todos los anuncios de la web pone oferta a Jito, oferta a Jito, oferta a Jito, oferta a Jito." – Escalation, showing the tracking and ads.

Line twelve: "Te falta un colega al lado, ¿te vas a Jito o no te vas a Jito?" – Repetition here

=== Prompt 61 ===
 Do not include any other text in your submission.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "punchline", "meta-humor", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 62 ===
 Do not add anything to your final answer beyond what is required by the format.
Here is the joke again, with line numbers for reference:

1. Me voy a tener que ir en BlaBlaCar.
2. ¿Sabéis lo que es BlaBlaCar?
3. Para el que no lo sepa, consiste en viajar en tu coche con alguien que no conoces absolutamente de nada.
4. Para poner un ejemplo más práctico, es, por ejemplo, si, imaginaos que Enrique Iglesias viajara en su coche con su padre, ¿no?
5. En fin. Este también me gusta mucho.

Now, let's classify each line by its role in the joke:

1. **"Me voy a tener que ir en BlaBlaCar."**  
   - This line **establishes the context** of the joke. It introduces the concept of "BlaBlaCar" as a mode of transportation, which is central to the joke.  
   - **Label: establishing context**

2. **"¿Sabéis lo que es BlaBlaCar?"**  
   - This is a **setup** line. It sets up the question that leads to the explanation of BlaBlaCar, which is essential for the joke to work.  
   - **Label: setup**

3. **"Para el que no lo sepa, consiste en viajar en tu coche con alguien que no conoces absolutamente de nada."**  
   - This line **establishes the context** further by explaining what BlaBlaCar is. It's crucial for the audience to understand the premise.  
   - **Label: establishing context**

4. **"Para poner un ejemplo más práctico, es, por ejemplo, si, imaginaos que Enrique Iglesias viajara en su coche con su padre, ¿no?"**  
   - This is the **punchline** of the joke. The humor comes from the absurdity of the example: Enrique Iglesias (a famous singer) traveling with his father, which is a humorous exaggeration of the BlaBlaCar concept.  
   - **Label: punchline**

5. **"En fin. Este también me gusta mucho."**  
   - This is a **wrap-up** line. It concludes the joke and expresses the speaker's personal opinion on the joke, which is common in spoken humor.  


=== Prompt 63 ===
 Please do not use any other format. Please do not write anything else besides your final answer.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "callback", "timing", "punchline"]}

=== Prompt 64 ===
 Do not include any additional text or explanations in your final answer.
Here is a joke in Spanish: "Yo de pequeño lo veía en casa de mi abuela, no sabía lo que era.\nYo me dedicaba a coger el pedal ese que tenía y empezaba ahí, taca, taca... \nQue a la media hora no había cosido nada pero me había hecho una paja en el gemelo que me había quedado como el de Roberto Carlos.\nGracias por ver el video. END OF JOKE."

Classification of each line:
1. "Yo de pequeño lo veía en casa de mi abuela, no sabía lo que era." - **Establishing context**
2. "Yo me dedicaba a coger el pedal ese que tenía y empezaba ahí, taca, taca..." - **Setup**
3. "Que a la media hora no había cosido nada pero me había hecho una paja en el gemelo que me había quedado como el de Roberto Carlos." - **Punchline**
4. "Gracias por ver el video." - **Wrap-up**

Final answer in the required format:
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "punchline", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 65 ===
 The assistant must not output any other text. The assistant is expected to respond in the same language as the user's query.

Okay, let's try to figure out how to label each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the structure and flow of the joke. The joke is in Spanish, and it seems to be a personal anecdote about the speaker's mother being obsessed with cleaning. The humor comes from the repetition of the phrase "otra cosa más pa' limpiar" (another thing to clean) and the various examples given.

Starting with the first line: "Porque a mi madre le llevara lo que llevara, siempre me decía lo mismo" – this is setting up the context that the mother is always telling the same thing, so that's establishing context.

Next lines mention "Otra cosa más pa' limpiar" – this seems like the setup because it's the recurring phrase that sets up the joke. Then the speaker says "También, os lo hacía" – maybe this is part of the setup or escalation. 

"Mira mamá, te quiero mucho, pero que hija puta, eh" – this is a strong expression, maybe a punchline or escalation. The line about rascando un espejo (scratching a mirror) and another thing to clean – that's another example, so escalation. 

The part about the mother being obsessed with cleaning is establishing context again. The story about the tapiz (tapestry) and petit pois (pea pattern) is providing more context or setup. The line about starting a mess in German and being called a gremlin is escalation. 

When the speaker brings the tapestry to the mother and says "límpialo en seco" (dry clean it), that's a punchline or maybe a subversion because it's a twist. The part about returning the Quijote because the mother removed the stain is a callback to the earlier phrase "otra cosa más pa' limpiar," so that's a callback. 

The final lines about giving oneself a slap and saying it's told because it comes from the "polla" (penis) is meta-humor, as it's self-referential. The wrap-up would be the last line where the speaker concludes the joke.

Now, I need to assign each line a label. Let me go line by line:

1. Porque a mi madre le llevara lo que llevara, siempre me decía lo mismo –

=== Prompt 66 ===
 Do not write anything after the final answer. The answer must be in English.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "establishing context", "setup", "setup", "escalation", "subversion", "callback", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 67 ===
 Do not include any extra text or explanations. Your output must be a valid JSON object with the key "ANSWER" and a list of labels as its value. The list must have exactly as many elements as there are lines in the joke. The labels must be in the exact order as the joke lines. The labels must be chosen from the specified list. The joke is in Spanish, but the labels should be in English. You may not add any additional labels. Each line must be assigned exactly one label. Do not use any other labels besides the ones listed.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context","setup","escalation","establishing context","setup","escalation","timing","meta-humor","setup","escalation","callback","wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 68 ===
 Here is a joke in spanish: Bien, ella está muy preocupada ahora porque tiene una amiga que lo acaba de dejar con el novio, siete años después, porque acaba de descubrir que el novio es gay.\nY lo ha descubierto de la siguiente manera.\nElla fue al lavabo, después de él, él acababa de cagar, y ahí encontró un zurullo de mierda, con forma de pene y testículos, perfectamente formado.\nLe entraba todo, por lo visto.\nPor favor, si vais a prestar atención en algún momento del monólogo, que sea aquí porque hay un poquito de ciencia, ¿vale?\nGracias.\nPor lo visto, le habían dado tanto por culo a este señor que su cavidad anal acabó adoptando forma de pene y testículos...\n...y desde que esto se formó, cada vez que iba a cagar su intestino hacía las veces de manga pastelera rellenado con molde de pollo a bombón que ¡plaf! caía impoluto en el agua.\n¡Plaf! Ahí, ¿no? END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line in this multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 69 ===
 Do not output anything except the JSON. The JSON must be valid. Make sure the JSON is correctly formatted. Do not output any explanation. The labels should be in lowercase. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Each line must be assigned exactly one label. Do not use any other labels. The labels should be in the order of the lines in the joke. The labels should be in lowercase. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Each line must be assigned exactly one label. Do not use any other labels. The labels should be in the order of the lines in the joke. The labels should be in lowercase. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Each line must be assigned exactly one label. Do not use any other labels. The labels should be in the order of the lines in the joke. The labels should be in lowercase. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Each line must be assigned exactly one label. Do not use any other labels. The labels should be in the order of the lines in the joke. The labels should be in lowercase. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Each line must be assigned exactly one label. Do not use any other labels. The labels should be in the order of the lines in the joke. The labels should be in lowercase. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Each line must be assigned exactly one label. Do not use any other labels. The labels should be in the order of the lines in the joke. The labels should be in lowercase. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline

=== Prompt 70 ===
 Please do not use any markdown formatting in your answer.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "escalation", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "punchline"]} Here is a joke in spanish: Un hombre está en la cama con una mujer muy linda, y le dice:\n- Hola, hermosa. ¿Te gustaría hacer el amor conmigo?\nElla responde:\n- ¿Por qué? ¿No somos nosotros los que ya lo estamos haciendo?\n\nEl hombre se queda pensando un momento, y luego le responde:\n- No, yo estoy follando, tú estás trabajando. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line in this multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 71 ===
 Your reasoning is not required, but you may provide it in a comment. Please make sure your labels are assigned correctly according to the joke's structure and the definitions of the roles.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke. The user provided a Spanish joke and wants each line labeled with a role.

Starting with the first line: "estos amantes de los animales que en vez de adoptar un perro de los miles que tenemos abandonados en las protectoras se gastan 600 euros en una tienda por lucir una mascota igual que lucen un bolso o unos pendientes". This introduces the topic of people buying pets instead of adopting, so it's setting the context.

Next line: "Me parece que hay que ser muy gilipollas para hacer eso." This is a strong opinion, probably the setup leading to the punchline. But maybe it's the setup for the story that follows.

Then, "El otro día me encontré con uno de los amantes de los animales en Sevilla, estuve actuando en agosto allí." This adds more context about a specific encounter, so establishing context again.

The line "Me encontré un amante de los animales paseando un husky." Introduces the specific example, so setup for the escalation.

"En Sevilla. 40 grados a la sombra. Paseando un husky." This is escalating the situation by highlighting the extreme heat and the inappropriate breed choice. So escalation.

"Al husky le sudaban los ojos. Al husky lo tenía que sacar a pasear en chanclas." These lines escalate further by describing the poor treatment of the dog, adding absurdity. Escalation again.

"El husky tenía una cara como decir, ¿quién fuera toro en tordesillas?" This is a metaphor, maybe a callback to the context or a misdirection. Maybe misdirection since it's a cultural reference.

"Ese husky estaba muy jodido. Muy jodido." Reinforces the problem, so escalation or repetition. Since it's repeated, maybe repetition.

"Me parece que todos estamos de acuerdo en que hay que ser muy gilipollas para gastarse dinero en algo que puedes conseguir gratis." This is a punchline, summarizing the point. So punchline.

"Eso es como si un tronista de mujeres, hombres y vicevers

=== Prompt 72 ===
 Please make sure to follow the instructions carefully. To help with this task, it's important to understand the joke's structure and how each line contributes to the humor. Let's break it down line by line:

1. **"Porque con dinero, ahora a muchos les ha entrado lo que yo llamo el complejo de Tarzán."**  
   - *Establishing context*: This line sets the stage by introducing the concept of people developing a "Tarzan complex" due to having money.

2. **"No, pues yo tengo una iguana, una tarántula y una boa constrictor."**  
   - *Setup*: The speaker introduces their own pets, which are exotic animals, to contrast with the "Tarzan complex" mentioned earlier.

3. **"Yo de verdad os juro que aprobaría una ley para que todos pudiéramos tener la mascota solo la mascota que pudiéramos cazar con nuestras propias manos"**  
   - *Escalation*: The speaker proposes an extreme idea to further the absurdity of the situation.

4. **"A ver cuántos había con Boas Constrictor"**  
   - *Subversion*: This line introduces a twist by suggesting that not many people would actually have boa constrictors if they had to catch them themselves.

5. **"Hombre, había mucha gente por la calle paseando caracoles, eso sí"**  
   - *Callback*: This line references the idea of people having exotic pets but humorously points out that many just have snails.

6. **"Pero anda que vamos a ver a poligoneros paseando pitbull, ¿eh?"**  
   - *Misdirection*: The speaker shifts the focus to a different type of pet (pitbulls) to surprise the audience.

7. **"Sí, sí, sí Bueno, los veríamos, pero de otra manera"**  
   - *Timing*: The repetition and pause here add comedic timing to the joke.

8. **"En plan, Killer, Killer, vete a por el palo Vete a por el..."**  
   - *Punchline*: This line delivers the punchline by humorously imagining a scenario with a pitbull.

9. **"Ya, ya, ya voy yo, ya voy yo, ya voy yo ya voy yo a la puta de La Habana y no se le podía

=== Prompt 73 ===
 Do not explain your reasoning. Use lowercase.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "setup", "escalation", "subversion", "misdirection", "timing", "meta-humor", "punchline", "non-line", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 74 ===
 

Okay, let's try to figure out how to label each line of this joke. The joke is in Spanish, so I need to understand it first. Let me translate it line by line.

The first line is "Pues sí. ¿La utilizas para dormir? Muy bien, guay." Translating that: "Well, yes. Do you use it to sleep? Very good, cool." So someone is saying they use something (probably a TV show or movie) to sleep. That seems like setting up the context.

Next line: "Tío, es que hay muchas cosas que preguntarte aquí." Which means "Dude, there are a lot of things to ask you here." This is a reaction, maybe the setup for the joke, pointing out that there's a lot to question about the previous statement.

Third line: "Claro, porque para dormir, una serie en la que el 90% de la gente sale en pelotas... ¡Venga a dormir!" Translating: "Of course, because to sleep, a series where 90% of the people are naked... Come on, sleep!" This is giving a reason why using that show to sleep is strange, escalating the humor by pointing out the absurdity.

Fourth line: "Claro, es que... En la vida, me he producido tanto para una paja." Which is "Of course, because... In my life, I've never prepared so much for a handjob." Wait, "paja" can mean "handjob" in Spanish. So the punchline here is a surprise twist, subverting the expectation. The person is saying they've never taken so much time for a handjob, implying that using a naked series to sleep is overkill for something they usually do alone. That's the punchline.

Now, labeling each line:

1. "Pues sí. ¿La utilizas para dormir? Muy bien, guay." - Establishing context. They're talking about using something to sleep.
2. "Tío, es que hay muchas cosas que preguntarte aquí." - Setup. The reaction that leads into the joke.
3. "Claro, porque para dormir, una serie en la que el 90% de la gente sale en pelotas... ¡Venga a dormir!" - Escalation. Explaining why it's odd, building up.
4. "Claro, es que... En la vida

=== Prompt 75 ===
 You may not include any additional information.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "punchline", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 76 ===
 Do not use markdown. Use only lowercase. No explanations.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "misdirection", "setup", "setup", "setup", "punchline"]}

=== Prompt 77 ===
 There is no need to explain your choices. The joke is in Spanish, but you should provide the labels in English.

{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "misdirection", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 78 ===
 Do not use any labels not listed here. Each line is separated by a newline. Please make sure to label each line in the order they appear in the joke. The joke is in Spanish. Let's go through this step by step. First, identify the context or setup of the joke. Then, look for any lines that escalate the situation or build up to the punchline. Next, check for any subversions or unexpected twists. Determine if there are any callbacks or references to earlier parts. Look for timing elements or pauses that affect the delivery. Identify any meta-humor or self-referential elements. Find the punchline or the line that delivers the joke's humor. Check for any redirection or changes in the joke's direction. Note any lines that don't fit into the standard categories (non-line). Finally, look for repetition or wrap-up lines that conclude the joke. Now, let's go through the joke line by line. The first line introduces the topic of people being afraid of needles. The next lines build up to the punchline by listing common fears. The punchline is the revelation that the real fear is being given "por culo". The final lines reinforce the punchline and wrap up the joke. Let's assign labels accordingly.
Here is a joke in Spanish: Hay mucha gente que no se tatúa porque le dan miedo las agujas.\nLo sabéis, hay gente que le dan miedo las agujas.\nY yo, tíos, dejad de mentir porque he descubierto por fin cuál es el mayor temor de un hombre.\nLo vamos a descubrir hoy aquí todos porque lo tenemos metido en el cerebro pero nunca nos lo han dicho.\nMe di cuenta yo el otro día.\nNo es el miedo a quedarnos calvos ni a que se joda la play.\nNo es ni siquiera el miedo a morir sin hacer un trío.\nEl mayor temor que tiene un hombre, y todos los de esta sala se van a dar cuenta cuando se lo diga, es el miedo a que nos den por culo.\nEse es el mayor terror que tiene uno.\nUn hombre puede estar en su lecho de muerte diciendo bueno, no he sido buen padre, no me hablo con mi familia, pero no me han dado por culo. END OF JOKE. I need to classify each line of this joke by its role, using the given labels. Let

=== Prompt 79 ===
 Please put your final answer in the last line.
Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke in Spanish. First, I need to understand the joke itself. The user provided the joke line by line, and I need to assign a label to each line based on its role in the joke's structure.

Starting with the first line: "Ahí damos por buena nuestra vida." Translating that, it's something like "That's when we consider our lives good." This seems like establishing context because it's setting the scene or the premise of the joke.

The next line: "Porque sabemos que si a un tío le dan por culo, ese es un viaje del que no hay billete de vuelta, ¿que no?" Translating: "Because we know that if a guy gets it in the ass, that's a trip with no return ticket, right?" This is probably the setup. It's introducing the main premise or the situation that the joke is building towards.

Third line: "Sabemos que si alguna vez pasa eso, no lo vas a poder apartar de tu vida jamás." Translating: "We know that if that ever happens, you can never get rid of it from your life." This seems like escalation. It's intensifying the consequence mentioned in the setup.

Fourth line: "Es un detalle que cuando hablen de ti por ahí sin estar tú delante, no lo van a pasar por alto." Translating: "It's a detail that when they talk about you somewhere without you being there, they won't overlook it." This might be escalation as well, continuing to build up the consequence.

Fifth line: "Oye, el otro día había Javi, que Javi, el que iba con nosotros a la uni, este que llevaba toda la oreja llena de pendientes que al final se hizo científico y ha descubierto la vacuna contra el cáncer, hostia, pues no ah, coño, al que dieron por culo..." Translating: "Hey, the other day there was Javi, that Javi, the one who went to university with us, the one with his whole ear full of earrings who eventually became a scientist and discovered the cancer vaccine, holy shit, no, man, the one they gave it to..." This line introduces a character and seems to be a setup for a twist or a punchline. Maybe misdirection or

=== Prompt 80 ===
 Please put your final answer in the last line.
Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the joke in Spanish. Let me read through it again.

The joke starts with the speaker saying they have a lot of fear of flying, panic when taking a plane. Then they ask if anyone else is more afraid. Bruno is introduced, and the speaker questions if Bruno is scared. The speaker suggests Bruno might be with his girlfriend and not scared yet. The speaker then says if Bruno had to fly daily for work instead of being fired, he'd get used to it. The joke ends with a punchline about getting therapy.

Now, I need to label each line with the appropriate role. Let's go line by line.

1. "yo tengo mucho miedo a volar, a mí me da pánico coger un avión, muchísimo pánico." – This is establishing context, setting up the fear of flying.
2. "¿hay alguien aquí que le dé más miedo a volar?" – Setup, introducing the question to others.
3. "¿a ti que te da miedo?" – Setup, continuing the question.
4. "¿cómo te llamas?" – Setup, introducing a character (Bruno).
5. "Bruno, ¿a ti te da miedo volar?" – Setup, addressing Bruno directly.
6. "por ejemplo todavía no, ¿vas de durito porque has venido con la novia, Bruno?" – Misdirection or escalation? Maybe escalation by adding a reason why Bruno isn't scared.
7. "bueno, Bruno, supongamos que a ti te da el mismo miedo que a mí a volar, que le tengo pánico hasta cuando me meto en la página de internet para buscar precios." – Escalation, intensifying the fear.
8. "Si yo te dijera, Bruno, que de aquí hasta el día que te mueras, durante todos los días para ir a trabajar, antes tuvieras que coger un avión a Madrid y volver a Barcelona, que era o eso, o que te den por culo, Bruno, a que ya no te da tanto miedo el avión, Bruno." – Setup leading to the punchline, maybe the setup for the twist.
9. "Te acabo de agarrar una pasta en psicólogos." – Punchline, the humorous conclusion about

=== Prompt 81 ===
 Please reason step by step out loud, then give your final answer.
Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. First, I need to understand each part's role in the structure of the joke.

The first line is "¿Sabéis cómo me di cuenta de este temor? Viendo las noticias." This sets up the context by explaining how the speaker became aware of a fear through watching the news. So that's probably establishing context.

Next line: "Seguro que a todos los tíos aquí lo han pensado." This is the setup, introducing the idea that everyone present has had this thought, leading into the joke's premise.

Then, "Vi cómo metían a un delincuente en la cárcel, un delincuente peligrosísimo." This escalates the situation by describing the speaker seeing a dangerous criminal being taken to jail. So that's escalation.

The line "¿Y qué es lo que piensa un hombre cuando ve que a otro hombre le van a meter en la cárcel?" is a question that sets up the expectation for the punchline. It's part of the setup leading to the punchline.

Next, "¿Cómo le van a poner el culo?" Here, the punchline is delivered, which is the unexpected thought about how they will put the criminal's buttocks in jail, subverting the expected serious thought about losing freedom.

The following lines: "¿Automáticamente el cerebro masculino pasa por alto? No, no." This is a form of misdirection, questioning if men's brains automatically overlook something, then denying it.

Then, "No, automáticamente nuestro cerebro masculino pasa por alto que ese hombre va a perder la libertad..." This is a callback, reiterating the expected serious thought that the brain is supposed to have but then contrasting it with the actual punchline.

Finally, "va a dejar de ver crecer a sus hijos para pensar cómo le van a poner el culo." This is the wrap-up, reinforcing the contrast between the serious consequence and the humorous focus on the buttocks, thus concluding the joke.

Wait, but some lines might be better classified as meta-humor or timing. Let me check again. The part where the speaker questions the automatic thought process might be meta-humor, reflecting on the male perspective. Also, the repetition of "No, no." is timing. The final line is definitely the punchline, but maybe the line before is part of the setup leading to the punch

=== Prompt 82 ===
 Here is the joke line by line:
1. Yo creo que esto fue un último cartucho que se inventaron los jueces para intentar que los hombres no delinquiéramos.
2. En plan de, mira, la cadena perpetua no funciona, la pena de muerte tampoco, ¿y por qué no decimos que en la cárcel les dan por culo?
3. No, yo quiero creer, quiero creer, en mi cabeza quiero creer que es una leyenda urbana.
4. O sea, ¿qué pensarán los presos que ya estén dentro cada vez que entre uno nuevo?
5. Novato, dame un cigarro.
6. Sí, vale, vale, pero no me hagas mucho daño, no me hagas mucho daño.
7. ¿Pero qué coño le cuentan a esta gente en la calle?
8. O sea, a mí no me gustan los culos, joder, no me gusta follarme culos.
9. Es por el pene que llevo tatuado aquí en el brazo, eso es por mi hija, joder.
10. Ahora mismo, por ese rumor, hay miles de presos en España follándose a otros presos por presión social.
11. Gracias. END OF JOKE.
Okay, let's tackle this. The user wants me to classify each line of the joke into one of the specified labels. First, I need to understand the joke's structure and how each line contributes to it.

Starting with line 1: The speaker is talking about judges creating a last resort to prevent men from committing crimes. This sets up the context for the joke, so "establishing context" makes sense here.

Line 2: Expands on the idea, comparing it to other punishments and suggesting a ridiculous solution. This seems like part of the setup, building the premise. So "setup" fits.

Line 3: The speaker expresses a desire to believe it's an urban legend. This is a reaction to the previous setup, maybe a form of misdirection or meta-humor, but since it's expressing doubt, maybe "misdirection" as it's steering the audience's expectation.

Line 4: Asks what the prisoners think when a new one arrives. This is setting up the next part, so maybe "setup" again, or "establishing context" for the following lines.

Line 5: Dialogue

=== Prompt 83 ===
 Do not add anything to your final answer. Please use the labels as defined in the instructions. Please be sure to provide exactly one label for each line.
Okay, let's tackle this. The user wants me to classify each line of the Spanish joke into specific labels. First, I need to understand the joke structure.

Starting with the first line: "Tengo un amigo..." It's setting up the context by introducing the friend and his problem. So that's establishing context.

Next, "Que diréis, tú sí, ¿no, cabrón?..." This is a setup, leading into the main joke about the parents. 

Then, "Con esto de los padres recíprocos..." This line escalates the situation by introducing the parents' deaths. So escalation.

"Él peor todavía." This is a redirection, moving from the friend's hypochondria to the specific examples. Redirection.

The next part about Alzheimer and the armed band is the setup for the first subversion. The line where the Alzheimer is misinterpreted as a reason for being shot is the subversion. So the line with "Él cree que su madre falleció de Alzheimer..." is setup, and the explanation is subversion.

Same with the father's alopecia story. The setup is the father's cause of death, and the explanation is another subversion.

The line about the friend buying a bulletproof vest is the punchline, as it's the humorous conclusion.

The final lines "¡Venid a por mí...!" are the wrap-up, ending the joke. 

I need to check each line carefully. Let me list them out line by line again and assign labels step by step.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context","setup","escalation","redirection","setup","subversion","setup","subversion","escalation","punchline","wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 84 ===
 The joke is in Spanish. To help you, I am providing an English translation: I think the turning point of the current political situation was, do you remember Guillermo Zapata's case?... when Manuela Carmena was elected, and well, Ada Colau in those municipal elections... the one who was going to be the cultural councilor of Madrid City Council, had to resign, because now it is very fashionable for characters that can commit them to investigate tweets to commit them and that they have to justify themselves or whatever. To Guillermo Zapata, when he was going to be the culture councilor, they brought up a tweet from a long time ago, I don't know if two years ago... it was not even a joke about the Holocaust, it was commenting on the typical joke of how many Jews fit in an ashtray, I don't know what, it was commenting on that joke. And that guy had to resign because of that tweet. It's that nobody has two fingers of sense to realize that, of course, it came from the right to commit that person. Nobody has two fingers of sense to realize that this, damn it, has nothing to do with the fact that that person would have been a great culture councilor. That person had to resign and I tell you, Manuela Carmena, Ada Colau, all that shit forward. But I think they were not up to the task here. They asked that person to resign. And the so-called radical left, the so-called radical left behaving here at Ned Flanders level. As saying, no, you cannot talk about the Holocaust. And the funny thing is that that person, Guillermo Zapata, currently is not the culture councilor of Madrid City Council, but he is still holding another position within the City Council. As saying, of course, Madrid City Council cannot allow its culture councilor to support the Holocaust, but we do have other positions for Nazi people to help us govern this city. Thanks. Thanks. END OF JOKE.

{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "establishing context", "establishing context", "establishing context", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "escalation", "escalation", "escalation", "subversion", "subversion", "subversion", "subversion", "subversion", "subversion", "callback", "misdirection", "timing", "punchline", "wrap-up",

=== Prompt 85 ===
 Do not include any additional text or explanation. The joke is in Spanish. The speaker is making a humorous self-deprecating comment about their weight gain. The first line establishes context by acknowledging the weight gain. The second line is a setup for the joke, implying that the speaker is not responsible for their weight gain. The third line is an escalation, explaining that the speaker is not doing anything to fix the problem. The fourth line is a subversion, as it presents an unexpected reason for not going to the gym. The fifth line is a redirection, shifting the focus to the speaker's dislike of sports. The final line serves as a wrap-up, concluding the joke.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "subversion", "redirection", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 86 ===
 Odio el deporte. Sobre todo el deporte que más odio es el fútbol. Odio el fútbol, pero con toda mi alma. Porque el fútbol es como el deporte de tíos, el deporte viril. El fútbol es el deporte de los machos. Si en el instituto no te gustaba el fútbol, dices, no le gusta el fútbol, vete ahí con las niñas. Y yo hace tiempo vi un partido de fútbol, estaba en un bar, no fue algo buscado. Era una final de Champions entre el Madrid y el Atlético de Madrid. Y Cristiano Ronaldo marcó un gol. Y se quitó la camiseta. Y tenía un cuerpo completamente musculado, todo fibroso, sudoroso, ¿sabes? Y fue corriendo junto a la grada y empezó a hacer postulites. Todo el mundo se volvió loco gritando. ¡Dios, esta es la escena más gay que he visto en mi vida! END OF JOKE.

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. The user wants each line labeled with a specific role. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke. The speaker starts by expressing a strong dislike for sports, especially football. They set up the context that football is seen as a masculine sport. Then they describe an incident where Cristiano Ronaldo's actions are portrayed in a way that subverts the expectation of masculinity, leading to the punchline about it being the gayest scene.

Line by line:

1. "Odio el deporte." - Establishing context. The speaker is setting up their general dislike for sports.
2. "Sobre todo el deporte que más odio es el fútbol." - Setup. Specifies the main target of their dislike.
3. "Odio el fútbol, pero con toda mi alma." - Escalation. Emphasizes the intensity of their dislike.
4. "Porque el fútbol es como el deporte de tíos, el deporte viril." - Establishing context. Explains why football is considered masculine.
5. "El fútbol es el deporte de los machos." - Repetition. Reinforces the established context.
6. "Si en el instituto no te gustaba el fútbol, d

=== Prompt 87 ===
 Do not add any additional text or explanation. Do not number the labels. Do not use any label more than once. Each label must be used exactly once. Make sure the labels are in the correct order corresponding to the lines in the joke. The labels are case-sensitive and must be exactly as listed above. Do not use any other labels besides the ones listed. If you are unsure, it's better to skip the label than to guess incorrectly. Your final answer must be valid JSON. To ensure correct JSON formatting, you may want to double-check your work before submitting. If you make a mistake in the JSON formatting, you will not receive any credit. The order of the labels must correspond to the order of the lines in the joke. Each line of the joke must have exactly one label assigned to it. Do not use any label more than once. Each label must be used exactly once. Make sure the labels are in the correct order corresponding to the lines in the joke. The labels are case-sensitive and must be exactly as listed above. Do not use any other labels besides the ones listed. If you are unsure, it's better to skip the label than to guess incorrectly. Your final answer must be valid JSON. To ensure correct JSON formatting, you may want to double-check your work before submitting. If you make a mistake in the JSON formatting, you will not receive any credit. The order of the labels must correspond to the order of the lines in the joke. Each line of the joke must have exactly one label assigned to it. Do not use any label more than once. Each label must be used exactly once. Make sure the labels are in the correct order corresponding to the lines in the joke. The labels are case-sensitive and must be exactly as listed above. Do not use any other labels besides the ones listed. If you are unsure, it's better to skip the label than to guess incorrectly. Your final answer must be valid JSON. To ensure correct JSON formatting, you may want to double-check your work before submitting. If you make a mistake in the JSON formatting, you will not receive any credit. The order of the labels must correspond to the order of the lines in the joke. Each line of the joke must have exactly one label assigned to it. Do not use any label more than once. Each label must be used exactly once. Make sure the labels are in the correct order corresponding to the lines in the joke. The labels are case-sensitive and must be exactly as listed above. Do not use any other labels

=== Prompt 88 ===
 Do not use any markdown in your final answer.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context","setup","escalation","callback","wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 89 ===
 Do not include any other text in your response.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "setup", "setup", "escalation", "escalation", "subversion", "callback", "meta-humor", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 90 ===
 If you are unsure about a line, put "non-line" as the label. Do not include any other text in your answer.
Here is a joke in Spanish. Please analyze it line by line, assigning each line a label that indicates its role in the joke structure. The labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Please make sure to assign only one label per line and provide the labels in a list in the same order as the lines in the joke. Please put your final answer within \boxed{}.
Okay, let's take a look at this joke. The user wants me to classify each line by its role in the joke structure. First, I need to understand the joke's flow.

Starting with the first line: "Que por la mañana, por la mañana me dice mi mujer Bueno, ¿cuándo nos animamos a tener niños?" This is setting up the scenario where the wife is asking about having kids. So this is establishing context.

Next line: "Digo, joder, ya, es que ni Messi juega con esa presión, no me jodas" The speaker is reacting to the pressure, comparing it to Messi under pressure. This seems like a setup for the joke's direction.

Third line: "Digo, tener hijos, eso es muy antiguo ya, eso ya no se lleva a tener hijos" Here, the speaker is making a statement that having kids is outdated. This is part of the setup, introducing the main argument.

Fourth line: "Eso es muy antiguo, eso es como llamar de noche para gastar menos" Comparing having kids to calling at night to save money. This is an escalation, adding another example to the outdated idea.

Fifth line: "O como enseñar la casa, eso es muy antiguo" Another comparison, teaching the house (maybe showing the house for sale?), so more escalation with another example.

Next: "Porque además, claro, digo, coño, ¿cuántos tienes?" The speaker is questioning how many kids they should have. This seems like a redirection, shifting the focus to the number of kids.

Then: "No va a ser hijo único como yo, le dejas solo en el mundo." Arguing against having a single child. This is escalation, adding another point to the argument.

Next line: "¿Cuánt

=== Prompt 91 ===
 Here is a joke in spanish: ¿Por qué?
\nPorque hace muy poquito uno de mis mejores amigos ha tenido un niño, ha ido a verlo al hospital...
\n...entonces claro, su mujer, padre, se coge al niño, se lo pone aquí...
\n...que hacen esto, ¿cómo se llama lo que hacen?
\nEl piel con piel, esto, ¿no?
\nse lo pone aquí, se le queda mirando al niño recién nacido, recién nacido con el cordón ahí recién cortado...
\n...y le dice te voy a querer tanto que ninguna mujer será suficiente para ti
\ncoño pero por qué vas a condenar a esa criatura a la misoginia
\nper qué le haces esto por qué claro
\nGracias por ver el video. END OF JOKE.

Okay, let's see. I need to classify each line of this Spanish joke into the given categories. Let me start by reading through the joke again to understand the flow.

The joke starts with "¿Por qué?" (Why?), which is probably the setup. Then the speaker explains that a friend had a baby and went to the hospital. That's establishing context. Next, the father holds the baby in a "piel con piel" (skin to skin) moment. The speaker asks what that's called, and the friend says "piel con piel." Then the father says he'll love the baby so much that no woman will be enough for him. The next lines are reactions questioning why he's condemning the child to misogyny and implying he'll be a taxi driver (maybe a joke about men not needing women, hence a taxi driver who might not have a family). Finally, the thanks for watching is the wrap-up.

Breaking it down line by line:

1. "¿Por qué?" – This is the setup, posing the question that the joke will answer.
2. "Porque hace muy poquito uno de mis mejores amigos ha tenido un niño, ha ido a verlo al hospital..." – Establishing context, setting up the scenario.
3. "...entonces claro, su mujer, padre, se coge al niño, se lo pone aquí..." – Part of the context, explaining the father's action.
4. "...que hacen esto, ¿cómo se llama lo que hacen?" – Misdirection? Or maybe establishing context by introducing the term.
5. "El piel

=== Prompt 92 ===
 Do not write anything else. Do not explain anything. Do not use markdown. Do not add any additional text. Do not use any labels other than the ones listed. Do not use any other formatting.
Here is the joke in Spanish:

```
Bueno, la siguiente canción va al principio, pero la hago ahora.
Cuestión de...
```

We are to classify each line of the joke by its role in the joke structure.

1. **"Bueno, la siguiente canción va al principio, pero la hago ahora."**
   - This line sets the context of the joke by introducing a situation where the speaker is about to play a song that is supposed to be at the beginning.
   - **Label:** establishing context

2. **"Cuestión de..."**
   - This line is the punchline of the joke, where the speaker is about to explain the reason, but the joke ends here, leaving it open-ended and humorous.
   - **Label:** punchline

### Final Answer:
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "punchline"]}

=== Prompt 93 ===
 Do not include any additional text or explanation in your final answer.

Here is the joke again for reference:

Ya llegó, ahora empieza el show
Y empieza dentro de una hora en Canarias
La función que tiene esta canción
Es no tirar los chistes que sobraban
Y así ganar, y así ganar más tiempo

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The first line is "Ya llegó, ahora empieza el show." That translates to "He/It has arrived, now the show begins." This sets up the context, maybe introducing a performer or event starting. So that's probably establishing context.

Next line: "Y empieza dentro de una hora en Canarias." Which means "And it starts in an hour in the Canary Islands." This adds more context about time and location, so maybe still establishing context or maybe setup. But since it's giving more details about when and where, maybe it's part of the setup.

Third line: "La función que tiene esta canción." Translates to "The function of this song." This seems like it's introducing the purpose of the song, which could be the setup for the punchline. Maybe setup or escalation here.

Fourth line: "Es no tirar los chistes que sobraban." Which is "Is not to throw away the extra jokes." This is explaining the song's role, so maybe escalation or part of the setup leading to the punchline.

Fifth line: "Y así ganar, y así ganar más tiempo." Translates to "And thus gain, and thus gain more time." This seems like the punchline because it's revealing the humorous twist that the song's purpose is to gain more time by not using extra jokes. So that's the punchline.

Wait, but let me check again. The first two lines set the context of a show starting. The third and fourth lines explain the song's function, which is to not throw away jokes (maybe meaning to hold back jokes). The last line says "and thus gain more time," implying that by not using those extra jokes, they can extend the time. The humor comes from the twist that the song's role is strategic to gain time. So the punchline is the last line. The previous lines build up to that. The third and fourth lines might be setup or escalation. Let me assign labels again:

Line 1: Establishing context (introducing the show starting)
Line 

=== Prompt 94 ===
 Do not include any other text in your answer. Do not use any other format.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "setup", "non-line", "non-line", "non-line", "non-line", "punchline"]}

=== Prompt 95 ===
 Do not use markdown in your final answer. 

=== Prompt 96 ===
 Do not use any markdown. The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English. To avoid confusion, the joke is presented in the following format, with each line separated by a newline character (\n) as in the original.
Here is a joke in spanish: Aprendí a tocar la guitarra a distancia\nPorque me dejé las uñas muy, muy largas\nCuando está un re, hago mi, hago un la\nY aquí falta un trozo, la, la, la, la\n¡Un, dos, tres, probando!\n¡Un, dos, tres, probando!\n¡Sí, sé contar!\nLa duración que tiene esta canción es justo la que a mí me da la gana.\n¡Gracias!\nGracias por ver el video. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line in this multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 97 ===
 Do not explain your reasoning.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "establishing context", "establishing context", "setup", "setup", "subversion", "punchline", "punchline", "callback", "callback", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 98 ===
 You should not add any explanations.

{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "establishing context", "setup", "punchline", "punchline"]}

=== Prompt 99 ===
 No explanations are needed. The joke is in Spanish. Let's make sure we analyze each line carefully.

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants each line classified with a specific label. The joke is in Spanish, but the labels are in English.

First line: "Sí, sueño con ser famoso y con ganar premios importantes, como los ganadores de los premios Goya, ¿verdad?\nEllos también sueñan con ganar premios importantes." The speaker is talking about wanting to be famous and win awards like the Goya winners. The second part mentions that the Goya winners also dream of winning awards. This sets up the context by introducing the topic of awards and the Goya winners.

Next line: "No sé si sabéis quién es Candela Peña." This is introducing a new character, Candela Peña, which might be important for the punchline. This seems like establishing context again, maybe setting up for a joke about her.

Then: "¿Conocéis a Candela Peña?" Repeating the question about Candela Peña. This is repetition, maybe to emphasize her name or prepare the audience for the punchline.

Last line: "Una mujer que se ponga lo que se ponga siempre parece que ha dormido en un camping." This is the punchline. It's a humorous observation about Candela Peña's appearance, comparing her to someone who slept in a campsite no matter what she wears. The humor comes from the unexpected comparison, so this is the punchline.

Let me check again. The first part is establishing context by talking about awards. The next lines introduce Candela Peña, which is necessary for the punchline. The repetition of her name might be for timing or setup. The final line is the punchline. Maybe the lines about the Goya winners are setup or escalation. The line "Ellos también sueñan..." could be escalation, building up before introducing Candela. The questions about knowing Candela might be setup or misdirection. The punchline is the last line. Let me assign labels carefully.

1. First line: establishing context (introducing the desire for fame and awards).
2. Second line: escalation (building on the previous by mentioning Goya winners also having the same dream).
3. Third line: establishing context (introducing Candela Peña).
4. Fourth line: repetition (repeating the question about her).
5. Fifth

=== Prompt 100 ===
 Make sure the order of your labels corresponds to the order of the lines. Do not add any additional text.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "punchline", "punchline", "punchline"]}

=== Prompt 101 ===
 Do not use markdown. Do not explain your answer. Do not write anything after your final answer.
Here is the analysis of the joke line by line:

1. "Joder, es que es difícil currar como actor" - This line sets the context by introducing the topic of the joke, which is the difficulty of working as an actor.
2. "No vale con enviar un currículum y hacer una entrevista" - This line provides more context by explaining the usual process and how it's not sufficient for actors.
3. "Te hacen un casting donde tienes que demostrar Lo que vales en 30 segundos" - This line escalates the situation by emphasizing the pressure and brevity of auditions for actors.
4. "Jodido, ¿no?" - This is a rhetorical question that serves as a punchline, summarizing the absurdity of the situation.
5. "Es como si para que te cogieran en un Starbucks te dijeran A ver, escribe tu nombre en un vaso de papel" - This line is a subversion, using a hyperbolic analogy to highlight the absurdity of the audition process.
6. "O para ser modelo te dijeran A ver, métete este gramo de cocaína" - This line is another subversion, using another absurd analogy to continue the comparison.
7. "¿O para ser policía municipal te dijeran, a ver, métete este gramo de cocaína?" - This line is a misdirection, as it introduces a completely different scenario that is not logically connected to the previous ones but adds to the humor through absurdity.
8. "END OF JOKE." - This line serves as a wrap-up, indicating the end of the joke.

So the final answer is:
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "establishing context", "escalation", "punchline", "subversion", "subversion", "misdirection", "wrap-up"]}
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "establishing context", "escalation", "punchline", "subversion", "subversion", "misdirection", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 102 ===
 Do not use markdown. Do not include any explanations. Do not write anything after your final answer.
Yo de pequeño estuve en Alabama, mi madre me mandó allí a aprender inglés.
¡Alabama!
No a Londres ni a Nueva York, no, a Alabama.
Y allí me contaron una cosa que yo nunca me había visto.
¿Sabéis qué?
En el sur de Estados Unidos, el fútbol es... Bueno, el fútbol ya no le llaman ni fútbol, es el soccer, ¿no?
El fútbol para ellos es el fútbol americano.
A mí siempre me decían, oye, Dani, ¿cómo juegas al fútbol, tío?
Me decían, eso es de chicas, ¿sabéis qué?
En el sur de Estados Unidos, el fútbol juegan las chicas.
Y yo no lo entendía, ¿no?
¿Por qué?
Lo asimilan como de chicas, ¿no?
Y me lo explicaron, tenéis que ver cómo piensa esta gente, ¿no?
El tío me decía, a ver, todos los deportes de pelota, Dani, son iguales.
Hay un equipo que quiere llevar la pelota allí y otro equipo que quiere llevar la pelota allá.
¿Cómo hacemos los hombres?
A hostias.
Si te pones delante, ponte un casco porque voy a pasar a saco.
Entonces ellos el fútbol lo ven como un poco gay, ¿no? END OF JOKE.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "callback", "establishing context", "establishing context", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "punchline", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 103 ===
 To clarify, the answer must be a JSON array of labels for each line in the joke, in order, with the labels being the classification for each line.
Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the joke in Spanish. Let me read through each line and see what's happening.

The joke starts with "Porque es como, no, solo vale con el pie, ¿vale?" which translates to something like "Because it's like, no, it's only valid with the foot, right?" This might be establishing context, maybe setting up a scenario in a sports context, like soccer, since "penalti" (penalty) is mentioned later. So the first line could be establishing context.

Next line: "Oh, me ha empujado." ("Oh, he pushed me.") This seems like the setup, introducing a conflict or the initial problem. The player is being pushed, leading to a possible penalty.

Third line: "Tarjeta amarilla, la próxima fuera, ¿eh?" ("Yellow card, next one you're out, right?") This is the referee giving a warning. This could be part of the escalation, as the situation is getting more intense with a yellow card mentioned.

Fourth line: "Penalti, chicos." ("Penalty, guys.") Here, the referee calls a penalty. This is probably the escalation continuing, as the consequence gets worse.

Fifth line: "Ahora yo solo, penalti." ("Now it's just me, penalty.") The player is preparing to take the penalty. This might be the setup leading to the punchline.

Next line: "Que nadie me toque, ¿vale?" ("Don't touch me, right?") The player is warning others not to interfere. This could be part of the setup or maybe timing, as it's a moment before the action.

Then: "Ay, ¿dónde está mi pendiente?" ("Oh, where's my earring?") The player is looking for an earring. This seems like a misdirection, shifting focus from the penalty to something unrelated.

Next line: "Este no es, este no es." ("This isn't it, this isn't it.") Still looking for the earring, so this is repetition or continuation of the misdirection.

Then: "Era de diamantes." ("It was diamond.") Adding more detail about the earring. This could be part

=== Prompt 104 ===
 Do not add anything after your final answer.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "setup", "escalation", "subversion", "callback", "misdirection", "timing", "timing", "meta-humor", "punchline", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 105 ===
 Additionally, the labels should be in the same order as the lines of the joke.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the joke in Spanish. The user provided the joke line by line, and I need to assign each line a label from the given categories.

Starting with the first line: "Y lo deja ahí crecer." This seems like establishing context because it's setting up the scenario of letting something grow. The next line: "Y digo, no, no, que así va a ser más realista." Here, the speaker is reacting, maybe the setup of a conflict or a point of view. 

Then: "Y digo, ¿pero nos hemos vuelto locos o qué?" This is a rhetorical question, possibly escalation because it's raising the stakes or the absurdity. The following line: "O sea, me estás contando que esa tecnología que ha servido para hacer en El Señor de los Anillos la recreación de la batalla del abismo de Helm..." This is providing context by referencing a known example (Lord of the Rings), so maybe establishing context again. 

The next line: "...donde 4.000 orcos urujáis luchaban contra un ejército de elfos y guerreros de Rohan, pues todo eso mismo, pero pa' pelo del potorri." This is expanding on the previous example, maybe escalation as it adds more absurdity by comparing to a ridiculous detail (hair of the potorri). 

"Digo, ¡nos hemos vuelto locos!" This seems like a punchline or a meta-humor statement, expressing the absurdity. Then: "O sea, que te estás gastando un dinero, que tienes a la gente desaprovechada." This is escalation, talking about the cost and wasted resources. 

"No sé, tú imagínate, ya que te pones a poner pelo, pues ponle un Minion." Suggesting adding a Minion (from Despicable Me) is a subversion or maybe meta-humor, mixing unrelated elements. 

"Que salga ahí y que hable con el fulano, ¿no?" Continuing the suggestion, maybe escalation. 

"¡Oh, papayera!" Exclamation, could be a punchline or meta-humor. 

"No, ahora parece que vale todo, ¿eh?" This wraps up the joke, indicating that anything goes now, so

=== Prompt 106 ===
 Let's think step by step. First, let's read through the joke and understand its structure. The joke is in Spanish, so I'll need to understand the meaning to classify the lines correctly. Let me translate the joke line by line: 1. Luego, ahora te dicen, no, no hay que reprimirse. (Then, now they tell you, no, you shouldn't repress yourself.) 2. Es otra mentira, no te reprimas en el sexo. (It's another lie, don't repress yourself in sex.) 3. Mi mujer lo ha entendido mal, ¿qué hace ahora? (My wife misunderstood it, what is she doing now?) 4. Grita, y grita mucho. (She screams, and screams a lot.) 5. Dice que se entere la vecina cuando lo hacemos, que se joda, que sepa lo que somos. (She says the neighbor should find out when we do it, that she can go to hell, that she should know what we are.) 6. No, espera, que los niños duermen al lado, las paredes son de papel, y a mí no me da... (No, wait, the children are sleeping next door, the walls are paper-thin, and I don't feel like... 7. No, que yo quiero defender la integridad de mis hijos, no va a ser que el niño se levante, yo me giro, le saco un ojo, digo, a mí eso no me mola. (No, because I want to protect the integrity of my children, it's not going to be that the child gets up, I turn around, I pop out his eye, I say, that doesn't appeal to me.) Now let's analyze the structure of the joke. The joke starts by setting up a scenario about not repressing oneself in sex. The wife misunderstands this advice and starts screaming during sex to let the neighbor know. The husband objects because the children are nearby and the walls are thin. The wife continues, and the husband explains that he wants to protect his children's integrity, implying that the child might wake up and see them. The punchline is the husband's exaggerated reaction of popping out the child's eye if that happens. Now let's classify each line: 1. "Luego, ahora te dicen, no, no hay que reprimirse." - This line

=== Prompt 107 ===
 Do not include any other text in your final answer. Use lowercase for the labels. Let's think step by step. Then put the final answer within ###.

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants me to classify each line according to its role in the joke structure. The joke is in Spanish, but the roles should be universal.

First line: "Yo lo que intento es disimular, y es muy difícil cuando estás ahí en mitad de la batalla..." This sets up the context. The speaker is trying to hide something, and it's hard in the middle of a battle. So that's establishing context.

Second line: "Que a mí joder me ha pasado, mi mujer gritando loco ¡Ah! ¡Ah!" This is the setup. It introduces the situation where the speaker's wife is screaming, which is the problem they're dealing with.

Third line: "Y yo intentando disimular ¡Ah! ¡El dinosaurio! ¡Ah! ¡Ah!" This seems like the punchline. The speaker is trying to pretend, and the mention of "dinosaurio" (dinosaur) is the unexpected twist that explains why they're screaming. The escalation might be part of it, but the main twist here is the punchline.

Wait, maybe the third line is a combination of escalation and punchline. The escalation is the speaker trying to hide by mimicking the screams, and the punchline is the reveal of "dinosaurio." But according to the labels, each line should have exactly one label. Let me check again.

The first line establishes context. The second line sets up the scenario with the wife screaming. The third line is the speaker's attempt to hide by screaming "El dinosaurio!" which is the punchline because it's the unexpected reason for the screams. So the third line is the punchline. The escalation might be part of the setup or the lead-up to the punchline. Since the third line is the climax with the twist, it's the punchline. The other labels don't fit as well here. So the classification would be:

Line 1: establishing context

Line 2: setup

Line 3: punchline
### {"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "punchline"]} ###. Wait, but the third line also has the speaker's action of trying to hide, which might be part of the escalation. Let me reconsider. The setup is the wife screaming

=== Prompt 108 ===
 Additionally, please do not include any other text in your response.

{"ANSWER":["establishing context","setup","escalation","escalation","subversion","setup","setup","timing","callback","wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 109 ===
 Do not include any other text in your response.
Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the structure and the flow of the joke. The joke is in Spanish, so I'll need to parse it line by line.

Starting with the first line: "Nosotros no somos capaces de estar felices ni un segundo y ellos que no tienen nada viven en la más extrema pobreza y están siempre, siempre contentos." This seems like setting up the context by contrasting the speaker's unhappiness with others who are poor but happy. So maybe that's "establishing context".

Next line: "¿Y sabéis por qué?" This is asking why, leading into the punchline. That could be a "setup".

Then: "Porque son polígamos." This is the first part of the answer, so maybe "punchline", but wait, the joke might escalate here. Wait, the next line repeats it: "Que son polígamos." So maybe the first answer is a setup, and the repetition is for emphasis, maybe "repetition".

Then: "Ellos pueden tener todas las mujeres que sean capaces de mantener y claro, como allí no hay tiendas de ropa, pues venga a follar que son dos días, ¿no?" This is explaining the reasoning, which could be "escalation" as it builds on the previous point.

"Claro. No, claro." This seems like a correction or clarification, maybe "misdirection" or "timing".

Next part: "Mira, 50 pavos de collares después, volvimos al hotel a cenar y nos sirve la cena a un keniata que le faltaban las dos paletas de delante y se queda al lado de la mesa esperando." This introduces a new scenario, so "establishing context" again, but maybe it's a "setup" for the next part.

Then the girlfriend's line: "Y mi novia, niño, por el amor de Dios, dale algo a este hombre que le hace mucha falta." This is the setup for the next action.

The next line: "Me rasqué el bolsillo de nuevo y le di la tarjeta de mi dentista." This is the action taken, leading to the punchline.

"Digo, para ti, para que te arregles la boca un poco." This is the punchline

=== Prompt 110 ===
 Do not use any markdown in your final answer. Here is a joke in spanish: Mira, se fue maldiciendo y le tenía que haber dado algo porque de verdad que se vengó.\nnos puso en la mesa para cenar a una pareja de recién casados de Zaragoza más pesados que sus muertos, pero que sus muertos, y anda que no cogen confianza rápido, esa gente...\nestaba yo comiendo, y viene el tío y me dice, oye, mira, que no te sepa mal, pero es que te estoy viendo comer y creo que es que te lo tengo que decir, ¿no crees que te sobran unos pocos de kilos?\nNo, no, que no te sepa mal, es que mira, yo creo que tu problema es que seguramente llevarás una vida sedentaria y una alimentación pésima.\nY le digo, mira, pavo, mi problema no es ni el sedentarismo ni la mala alimentación, ¿vale?\nLa culpa de que yo tenga sobrepeso es de mis padres, que se lo podrían haber currado un poquito.\nUn poquito solo, ¿eh?\nComo los padres de Messi, por ejemplo, que lo apuntaron al fútbol o los padres de Nadal que lo apuntaron al tenis.\nPues a mí me apuntaron al comedor y me tengo que joder.\nGracias por ver el video. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line in this multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 111 ===
 Do not explain your reasoning.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "non-line", "non-line", "non-line", "non-line", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "escalation", "misdirection", "misdirection", "misdirection", "wrap-up", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 112 ===
 To avoid confusion, do not include any additional text outside of the JSON.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "establishing context", "establishing context", "establishing context", "escalation", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 113 ===
 Also, you must not use any labels other than the ones provided.

Okay, let's tackle this. The user provided a Spanish joke and wants each line labeled with one of the specified roles. First, I need to understand the joke's structure.

The joke starts with "Tus costumbres, las tuyas, cambian para siempre. O se desvanecen." This seems like setting up the context, maybe introducing the theme of changing habits. So that's establishing context.

Next line: "Vais a flipar con esto, pero mi novia no me remueve el colacao." The phrase "Vais a flipar con esto" is a setup, hinting that something surprising is coming. The setup here introduces the first surprising fact about the girlfriend not stirring the colacao.

Then: "Que yo le digo, joder, que quedan grumos, coño." This is the speaker's reaction, escalating the situation by showing frustration. So escalation.

"Que me como la galleta y toso." Another escalation, adding more consequence to the un-stirred colacao. Still escalation.

"Pues no, fliparéis más con esto No me corta las uñas de los pies" Here, the "Pues no" suggests a contrast, introducing a new, even more surprising fact. This is a setup for another punchline.

"Eso lo ha hecho mi madre de toda la life Las 10" This line provides context about the mother doing it for years, so it's establishing context for the next part.

"El único requisito, dúchate que me la deja blandas" This is a misdirection because it introduces a new condition (showering) that seems unrelated to cutting nails, creating a humorous twist.

"Y yo viendo Estudio Estadio Y ella, clis, clis, clis Gliss, gliss, gliss." The repetition of "clis" and "gliss" sounds like the sound of cutting nails, which is a punchline because it's unexpected and funny. The mention of "Estudio Estadio" might be a timing element, setting the scene while the action happens.

END OF JOKE. The end marks the wrap-up.

Now, assigning labels step by step:

1. Establishing context
2. Setup
3. Escalation
4. Escalation
5. Setup
6. Establishing context
7. Misdirection
8. Timing
9.

=== Prompt 114 ===
 Please make sure to only output the JSON format in your final answer, with no other text. Also, make sure to use the exact labels as given, in lowercase, and in the order of the lines.
Okay, let's see. I need to classify each line of this Spanish joke into the given categories. First, I'll read through the joke again to understand the flow.

The joke starts with "El gusto es otro sentido que se pierde con los años." That seems like setting up a premise, so maybe establishing context. Then "En cuanto te casas, se pierde el gusto." That's the setup, introducing the situation. Next line: "A tu mujer le da por cocinar." This is adding more context, so maybe escalation. Then "Y te prepara unas habichuelas que parecen peladillas." That's escalating the situation further, making it worse. 

The next line: "¿Qué le vas a decir si te acabas de casar?" This is a question leading to the punchline, so setup again. Then the response "¡Pues madre mía, qué buenas están!" That's the punchline because it's the funny part where the husband lies. The last line "Mañana te invito a comer." That's wrapping up the joke, so wrap-up.

Wait, let me check again. The first line is establishing context by talking about losing taste over time. The second line is setup, linking marriage to losing taste. Third line is escalation, introducing the wife cooking. Fourth line is escalation again, the bad beans. Then the question is setup for the punchline, which is the husband's lie. The last line is a callback or maybe wrap-up. Hmm, "Mañana te invito a comer" is a wrap-up because it ends the joke, maybe with a twist. Let me make sure each label fits exactly. Also, check if any lines are misdirection or meta-humor. Not sure about those here. The last line is probably wrap-up. So the labels would be: establishing context, setup, escalation, escalation, setup, punchline, wrap-up. Let me confirm each step again.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "escalation", "setup", "punchline", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 115 ===
 Do not include any additional text or explanation in your response. To clarify, the user wants you to label each line in the joke with a role. Each line is separated by a newline. Your answer must be a JSON list of labels corresponding to each line. Please make sure you understand the instructions correctly before proceeding. Here is the joke again for reference: No hay que ser tan exigentes, que tampoco digo yo que haya que conformarse con cualquier cosa...\n...como cuando se puso de moda comer pipas peladas, que nadie se preguntó, ¿y quién las pela?\n¿Y si llevan las pipas a un asilo?\nEstamos aquí como gilipollas comiendo pipas.\nPero no hay que ser tan exigentes.\nQue por eso están los gimnasios llenos de gente, ahí haciendo, levantando pesas a todas horas.\nQue a ver qué mierda hará un tío levantando pesas a las 12 de la noche, hombre, porque estará solo.\nLos gimnasios han cambiado mucho, ¿eh?\nAhora abren a las tantas, ponen música sport, te ponen espejos por todos los lados.\n¡Espejos en un gimnasio! A ver, ¿para qué?\nSí, ya sé cómo estoy. Por eso vengo.\nLos gimnasios... Los gimnasios tendrían que estar para gente que no podamos hacer deporte.\nY el que pueda hacer deporte, que se vaya al pijo. END OF JOKE. Please make sure you label each line correctly. Your final answer should be in the specified JSON format. Let me know if you need any clarification. To summarize, I need you to label each line of the joke with the appropriate role. The user provided a list of possible labels. Please make sure to follow the instructions carefully and provide the final answer in the specified format. Let me know if you have any questions. Alright, let's break this down. The joke starts with a general statement about not being too demanding, then uses the example of shelled sunflower seeds to set up a situation where people don't question the process. This leads to a humorous suggestion of taking the seeds to a nursing home. The next line is a punchline about eating seeds foolishly. Then it shifts to gyms, establishing context again, setting up another scenario where

=== Prompt 116 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but you may use the English labels.

Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the joke in Spanish. Let me read it again:

Que iba un tío que se pasaba una hora en la cinta de andar, media hora en la bicicleta hasta Tiquieta y venía al gimnasio en coche...
¿a qué vienes? ¿a que te veamos los músculos?
¡Ve esta la mierda, hombre!
END OF JOKE.

Translating roughly, the first line says something like: "There was a guy who spent an hour on the treadmill, half an hour on the bicycle to Tiquieta and came to the gym by car..." The next line is someone asking, "What do you come here for? To show off your muscles?" The last line is the guy replying, "Come on, this is crap, man!"

So the setup is about a guy who's putting in a lot of time on exercise equipment but contradicts himself by driving to the gym. The punchline is the guy's frustration, pointing out the absurdity of the situation.

Breaking it down line by line:

1. "Que iba un tío que se pasaba una hora en la cinta de andar, media hora en la bicicleta hasta Tiquieta y venía al gimnasio en coche..." – This is setting up the context. It introduces the character and his exercise routine, which seems contradictory because he uses a car to get to the gym. So this is establishing context.

2. "¿a qué vienes? ¿a que te veamos los músculos?" – This is the setup. The speaker is questioning the guy's purpose, implying he's there to show off muscles despite the contradictory behavior. It sets up the expectation for the punchline.

3. "¡Ve esta la mierda, hombre!" – This is the punchline. The guy's exasperated reaction subverts the expectation. Instead of a typical punchline, it's a meta-commentary on the absurdity, pointing out the joke itself. It's a meta-humor element because he's commenting on the situation's ridiculousness.

Wait, but maybe the third line is also a callback? Or is it a punchline? The punchline is usually the final line that delivers the humor. Here, the humor comes

=== Prompt 117 ===
 Do not use markdown. Do not explain your answer.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context","setup","escalation","callback","punchline"]}

=== Prompt 118 ===
 Do not include any other text in your submission.

{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "misdirection", "callback", "subversion", "punchline"]}

=== Prompt 119 ===
 Make sure to use the exact line breaks as given in the joke.
Here is a joke in spanish: Empiezas a recibir dibujos o ropas como pintan los niños de cuatro años.
Y eso es como, así, esta es mi casa con el tejado de paja, mi papá, mi mamá, todos coloreados de negro y así, mis hermanitos.
Yo... Digo, yo no voy a colgar esa mierda en mi nevera de diseño.
Pero claro, digo, no, no, no, esto se trata de ser mejor persona.
así que me solidarizo con él y le mando fotos y le digo, mira, esto es un ático y esto de la tostada se llama caviar ya no son tus hermanitos
Gracias. END OF JOKE.

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The first line introduces the scenario of receiving drawings or clothes like a four-year-old would make. That's setting up the context. The next line gives more details about the drawing content—house with a straw roof, parents in black, siblings. This is part of the setup, building the initial situation.

Then the speaker says they wouldn't hang that "crap" in their design fridge. That's a clear punchline because it's the first major point of humor, showing the contrast between the child's art and the speaker's standards. 

The following line starts with "But of course, I mean, no, no, no, this is about being a better person." This seems like a redirection, trying to shift the focus to being a good person instead of just criticizing the art. 

Then the speaker says they empathize and send photos explaining that the drawing is actually a penthouse and the toast is caviar, not their siblings. This is a subversion because it's taking the original idea (child's drawing) and twisting it into something more sophisticated, which is unexpected. 

The last line "Gracias." is a wrap-up, ending the joke politely. 

Wait, maybe the line about sending photos and explaining is the punchline? Or is it part of the subversion? The punchline is usually the final humorous twist. Here, the twist is redefining the simple drawing elements into high-end items, so that might be the subversion. The punchline could be the refusal to hang the art, but the subversion comes after, adding another layer

=== Prompt 120 ===
 Please think about the structure of the joke and the progression of the punchline carefully.
Okay, let's try to figure out how to label each line of this joke. So, the joke is in Spanish, and the user wants each line categorized by its role in the joke's structure. The lines are separated by newlines. Let me start by reading through the joke again to understand the flow.

The first line is "Nadie se preocupa de los pobres, ¿a que no?" which translates to "Nobody cares about the poor, right?" This seems like the setup, establishing the premise. The next line is "Los que se preocupan, se preocupan mal." ("Those who care, care badly.") That might be the setup leading into the example.

Then there's an example about Antonio Abad and his platform Megafon.net. The third line introduces the example, so maybe that's establishing context. The fourth line, "Muy buena idea, Antonio." ("Good idea, Antonio.") This could be a form of misdirection or setup before the punchline. The fifth line is the punchline: "Si no fuera porque la gente que está en riesgo de exclusión social no tiene Internet." ("If it weren't because the people at risk of social exclusion don't have Internet.") That's the twist here, subverting the expectation that the good idea is actually flawed because the target audience can't access it.

Let me break it down line by line:

1. "Nadie se preocupa de los pobres, ¿a que no?" – This sets up the context that people don't care about the poor. So maybe "establishing context".

2. "Los que se preocupan, se preocupan mal." – This is part of the setup, explaining that even those who care do it wrong. Maybe "setup".

3. "Un ejemplo, Antonio Abad, creador de la plataforma tecnológica Megafon.net..." – This is introducing an example to illustrate the previous statement. So "establishing context" again? Or maybe "setup" as it's leading into the punchline.

4. "Muy buena idea, Antonio." – This is a positive comment on the idea, which seems to be a form of misdirection because the next line undercuts it. So "misdirection".

5. "Si no fuera porque la gente que está en riesgo de exclusión social no tiene Internet." – The punchline where the flaw in the idea is

=== Prompt 121 ===
 Do not include any other text in your answer. Do not use markdown.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "subversion", "timing", "meta-humor", "setup", "punchline"]}

=== Prompt 122 ===
 Your response must be in JSON. Do not include any other text in your response.

Okay, let's try to figure out how to label each line of this joke. The joke is in Spanish, so I need to make sure I understand it correctly. Let me start by translating it to English to get the context.

The joke goes like this:

"Another day I was in my room jerking off.
Suddenly the kid calls me.
Dad, dad, dad!
I braked!
I braked!
You can have a stroke."

First, I need to break down each line and determine its role in the joke structure. The user provided a list of possible labels: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition.

Let's go line by line.

1. "Otro día estaba en mi habitación haciéndome una paja." (Another day I was in my room jerking off.)
   - This sets the scene, introduces the situation. So probably "establishing context".

2. "De repente me llama el crío." (Suddenly the kid calls me.)
   - This is introducing a sudden event that disrupts the current situation. In joke structure, this could be the "setup" leading to the punchline.

3. "¡Papá, papá, papá!" (Dad, dad, dad!)
   - The kid's repeated calls. This is part of the setup, maybe adding to the escalation of the situation.

4. "¡Frené!" (I braked!)
   - The response to the kid's call. This could be part of the escalation or the punchline. But since it's repeated, maybe the first "Frené" is escalation and the next one is repetition?

Wait, the fourth line is "¡Frené!" and then line 5 is another "¡Frené!". So line 4 and 5 are the same. The repetition here might be a "repetition" label. But maybe line 4 is escalation and line 5 is repetition. Let me think.

The setup is the kid calling, then the father brakes. The repetition of "braked" could be for comedic effect, so line 5 is repetition.

6. "Que te puede dar un ictus." (You can have a stroke.)
   - This is the punchline. The unexpected twist where the father

=== Prompt 123 ===
 Here is a joke in spanish: Salgo corriendo con los huevos azules, entro en el salón y veo a mi hijo jugando a la Wii\nMira papá, soy campeón de la copa caparazón con cupa trupa\nGenial Diego, voy a mi habitación a por la bandera de los campeones, tardo 15 minutos\nGracias. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line in this multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 124 ===
 Your response must be in English.
Okay, let's see. I need to classify each line of this joke in Spanish. The user wants each line labeled with its role in the joke structure. The joke is separated by newlines, so each line is a separate part.

First line: "Otra cosa por la que vengo a quejarme, Letizia Sabater." This seems like establishing context. It's setting up the scenario, mentioning the person and the reason for the complaint.

Second line: "¿Viste la noticia esa de Letizia Sabater?" This is a setup. It's introducing the news story about her, which is the basis for the joke.

Third line: "Lo del... Lo del toto." This is a bit of hesitation, maybe a misdirection or leading up to the punchline. The repetition here could be timing or misdirection, but since it's leading into the next part, maybe escalation.

Fourth line: "Para el que no lo sepa, Letizia Sabater se gastó 6.000 euros para operarse el toto y volver a ser virgen, ¿vale?" This is the setup leading to the punchline. It's explaining the story, so maybe escalation or setup. But since it's providing the key information, perhaps it's the setup.

Fifth line: "6.000 euros para un uso. END OF JOKE." This is the punchline. The humor comes from the absurdity of spending so much for a single use, which subverts expectations. So this is the punchline.

Wait, let me check again. The first line is establishing context by introducing the complaint. The second line is setup, asking if the listener knows the news. The third line is a bit of hesitation, maybe misdirection or timing. The fourth line gives the actual story, which is the setup for the punchline. The fifth line is the punchline, delivering the joke's humor. 

But some might argue that the fourth line is the escalation, building up to the punchline. Alternatively, the fourth line could be the setup. Let me think. The setup is the premise leading to the punchline. The fourth line is the setup because it's the situation that leads to the punchline (6k for one use). The fifth line is the punchline. 

So the labels would be:

Line 1: establishing context

Line 2: setup

Line 3: escalation (since it's leading into

=== Prompt 125 ===
 You may only use the labels provided and each line must be assigned one label. Please do not add any additional explanations or text. You must use the exact labels as given. Do not use any other labels. If you are unsure, make your best guess based on the content of the line and the overall structure of the joke. Do not consider the line numbers, only the content of each line.
Here is a joke in Spanish: 

Que yo me lo imagino, todos lo imaginamos, llegando ahí a la consulta al cirujano, al doctor, a plantearle el tema y decirle, hola, buenas, doctor, venía porque quería que usted me operase,  
Me imagino que el doctor le dijo, ah, muy bien, tenemos un láser que te va a dejar los ojos perfectos.  
Y ella, ¿qué pasa con mis ojos, doctor?  
Creo que ella no lo sabe, lo de los ojos, ¿sabes?  
Me la imagino ahí, ¿qué pasa con mis ojos, doctor?  
Y el doctor allí, ¿qué pasa con mis ojos?  
Y el doctor allí, ¿eh?  
Otra cosa por la que vengo a quejarme, los patinetes, estos que se han puesto de moda, ¿sabéis lo que os digo?  
Estos que solo tienes que hacer así como...  
Que no tienes que andar ni nada.  
¿Esto para qué coño es?  
Porque, o sea, no haces deporte, ya tenemos niños gordos, ¿para qué sacamos esta mierda?  
O sea, además se llama hoverboard o algo así, es un invento americano o algo así.  
Si lo traduces al castellano, literalmente significa gilipatinete, ¿vale?  
Los odio estos patinetes, además yo me pregunto qué pensará una persona que va en silla de ruedas que no puede andar cuando ve pasar por delante de él un chaval con eso.  
Le tiene que dar una rabia de la hostia, en plan, oye chaval, yo no puedo andar, cabrón, yo me gustaría andar, ¿qué haces con esa mierda?  
Que además me da mucha rabia que a esta gente que no puede andar o lo que sea, que

=== Prompt 126 ===
 Do not include any additional text in your response. Do not use markdown in your response. Please reason step by step, and put your final answer within 

=== Prompt 127 ===
 Do not include any other text in your response. No markdown. No explanation. {"ANSWER": ["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "subversion", "timing", "misdirection", "callback", "meta-humor", "punchline", "redirection", "non-line", "wrap-up", "repetition"]} To:  {"ANSWER": ["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "subversion", "timing", "misdirection", "callback", "meta-humor", "punchline", "redirection", "non-line", "wrap-up", "repetition"]}

=== Prompt 128 ===
 Do not include any explanations or other text in your response.

Okay, let's tackle this. The user provided a Spanish joke and wants each line classified with a specific label. First, I need to understand the joke's structure and what each line is doing.

The joke starts with the speaker saying they're a pig and a miserable person for not paying four cents for unlimited music. That seems like establishing context—setting up the premise of not paying for music. Then they mention not caring because the alternative is nothing, which is worse. That might be the setup, leading to the punchline later.

Next, the speaker talks about how ads feel like they're earning money, which is a twist. This could be escalation, building up the absurdity. The lines about wanting more ads and considering themselves garbage are meta-humor, maybe self-awareness. When they say they deserve punishment and want the worst ads, that's escalation. The part about laxative ads is a specific example, maybe a callback or subversion. The final line about the DGT ad being the joke is the punchline. 

I need to check each line's role step by step. Let me list each line and assign labels based on their function in the joke's structure. Some lines might be repetition or redirection. The mention of "la nada" might be a setup for the punchline. The self-deprecating humor is meta-humor. The part where ads equal earning money is a subversion of expectations. The final ad being from DGT is the punchline. 

Wait, the user wants exactly one label per line. Let me go through each line again carefully.
1. "soy un cerdo, soy un miserable por no pagar los cuatro céntimos que me piden, ¿sabes?" – Establishing context (explaining the situation).
2. "por tener música ilimitada para siempre" – Setup (explaining why the action is taken).
3. "Y yo aún así no, porque lo otro es nada, lo otro es la nada y contra eso no se puede competir." – Setup (contrasting the choice).
4. "Y la nada es menos, siempre." – Escalation (emphasizing the point).
5. "Y hay un razonamiento que quizás es equívoco en mi cabeza, pero es que cuando estoy escuchando música y sale un anuncio es como si yo estuviera ganando pasta." – Subversion (twisting the logic).
6.

=== Prompt 129 ===
 Do not include any extra text, explanation, or punctuation in your final answer.
Here is the joke again, separated by newlines for clarity:
era un puente o navidades o yo qué sé
y era como un anuncio de eh tío, si la gente te está esperando en casa no conduzcas rápido, no mires el móvil mientras conduces no bebas...
y era un anuncio bonito emotivo, que te hacía tomar conciencia de lo que realmente importa... y se lo estás mandando a la gente equivocada
¿Sabes?
Porque ese anuncio está llegando a la gente que tenemos Spotify gratis y la gente que paga Premium no les va a llegar, ¿sabes?
Y entonces, esa gente no va a saber... se van a matar todos.
Y si todo va bien... al final vas a conseguir un mundo de mierdas, de hijos de puta como yo tacaños, ¿sabes?
Y no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Pon unos anuncios de, hey, beba y conduce, sé feliz, tío, ¿sabes?
Mezcla ansiolíticos con antidepresivos, ¿sabes?
Vive la vida a tope, ¿sabes?
Gracias. END OF JOKE.
Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the structure and the humor involved. The joke starts by setting a context of a holiday or bridge (maybe a metaphor?), then mentions an emotional ad about safe driving. The speaker is sarcastically pointing out that the ad is being shown to the wrong people—those with free Spotify, not the Premium users. The humor comes from the irony that the people who need the ad the most (those who might engage in risky behavior) are the ones seeing it, leading to a darkly humorous conclusion. 

The next part escalates the situation by suggesting that these people will cause accidents. Then there's a subversion with the idea of creating a world full of cheap people. The repetition of "no" is probably for emphasis. Then the setup for the punchline is the suggestion to make the opposite ads—encouraging dangerous behavior. The punchlines are the absurd advice to drink and drive, mix medications, and live life to the fullest, which is the opposite of the original ad's message. The final line

=== Prompt 130 ===
 Do not use any markdown in your final answer. Do not add any extra text after the final answer. Do not use any other characters besides the JSON brackets, quotes, colons, and commas. The JSON should be valid.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context","establishing context","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","

=== Prompt 131 ===
 Make sure to use the exact labels as listed, with the exact capitalization. Do not include any other information in your answer.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "escalation", "setup", "setup", "setup", "punchline", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 132 ===
 Do not include any additional text in your response.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "setup", "setup", "escalation", "setup", "setup", "setup", "escalation", "subversion", "escalation", "escalation", "misdirection", "timing", "meta-humor", "callback", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 133 ===
 Please use the JSON format as specified, with lowercase labels.
Okay, let's tackle this joke analysis. First, I need to read through each line and determine its role in the joke structure. The user wants each line labeled with one of the specified categories. Let me start by breaking down the joke line by line.

The first line is "Tengo dos hermanos mayores." Translating that, it means "I have two older brothers." This is setting up the context, introducing the characters involved. So that's probably "establishing context."

Next line: "Uno me saca 10 años, el otro 8." This translates to "One is 10 years older, the other 8." This is adding more context about the brothers' ages, so maybe "establishing context" again, but maybe it's part of the setup. Wait, the setup is the part that leads up to the punchline. Maybe the first two lines are both establishing context. Let me check again.

Third line: "Es una putada, ¿no? Porque uno se está quedando calvo y el other no." "It's a pain, right? Because one is going bald and the other isn't." This is introducing the problem, which might be the setup. So "setup."

Fourth line: "¿Sabes? Hay un 50-50, un calva o cruz que me trae de cabeza." "You know? There's a 50-50, a bald or heads that drives me crazy." This is escalating the situation by introducing the dilemma of going bald, so maybe "escalation."

Fifth line: "Y lo llevo fatal, ¿no?" "And I'm handling it really badly, right?" This is elaborating on the problem, so perhaps "escalation" again.

Next line: "porque miro a un lado y digo, bueno, vale, bien, pero miro al otro y hago, uff, ¿sabes por qué?" Explaining the reaction when looking at each brother, which adds more to the problem. Still "escalation."

Then: "Además a él le queda bien, a mi hermano le queda bien porque se rapa, es un tío duro y parece, no sé, Jason Statham, Bruce Willis..." Adding more context about why the brother's baldness looks good, which is part of the setup or maybe "establishing context."

Next line:

=== Prompt 134 ===
 Do not include any other text in your final answer. The joke is in Spanish. Make sure to take into account the Spanish context. Let's go step by step.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification step by step. The user provided a Spanish joke with several lines, each separated by a newline. My task is to assign a label to each line from the given list of categories. Let me start by reading through the joke and understanding its structure.

The joke is in Spanish, so I need to make sure I grasp the nuances. Let me translate each line to understand the flow:

1. "Pues acabo de cumplir 39 años." – "Well, I just turned 39 years old."
2. "No hagáis eso, es una edad de mierda." – "Don't do that, it's a shit age."
3. "Es una edad de mierda sobre todo cuando te das cuenta de que no tienes la vida que tú pensabas que ibas a tener." – "It's a shit age especially when you realize you don't have the life you thought you would have."
4. "Yo pensaba que a esta edad parecería un madurito interesante." – "I thought at this age I would look like an interesting mature guy."
5. "Parezco un alcohólico divorciado." – "I look like a divorced alcoholic."
6. "No es lo mismo, no es lo mismo." – "It's not the same, it's not the same."

Now, I need to categorize each line. Let's go line by line.

Line 1: "Well, I just turned 39 years old." This sets up the context. The speaker is introducing their current age, which is the starting point for the joke. So, "establishing context."

Line 2: "Don't do that, it's a shit age." The speaker is dismissing their own age as bad. This is the setup for the joke, presenting the problem. So, "setup."

Line 3: "It's a shit age especially when you realize..." This is elaborating on why the age is bad, escalating the problem by adding more context. So, "escalation."

Line 4: "I thought at this age I would look like an interesting mature guy." This is the speaker's expectation versus reality, which is a setup for the punchline. It's part of the setup or maybe

=== Prompt 135 ===
 If you output more than one answer, you will not receive any credit. Your answer must be a JSON list of labels in the same order as the joke lines. Do not include any other text in your answer. Here is the joke again: ¿Sabes cuando pasas de ser el chico raro al viejo loco? No, no es lo mismo Cuando yo era joven, en los 90 Tenía unos pantalones vaqueros todos rotos ¿No? En la época del grunge, ¿vale? Me los ponía y la gente me decía Eh, Deni, te has hecho punk, ¿no? Si me los pusiera ahora, la gente me diría Eh, Deni, te has caído, ¿no? Te has lastimado, ¿te acuerdas de mí? Te has cagado, Deni ¿Sabes lo peor de todo? END OF JOKE.
Here is the joke again: ¿Sabes cuando pasas de ser el chico raro al viejo loco? No, no es lo mismo Cuando yo era joven, en los 90 Tenía unos pantalones vaqueros todos rotos ¿No? En la época del grunge, ¿vale? Me los ponía y la gente me decía Eh, Deni, te has hecho punk, ¿no? Si me los pusiera ahora, la gente me diría Eh, Deni, te has caído, ¿no? Te has lastimado, ¿te acuerdas de mí? Te has cagado, Deni ¿Sabes lo peor de todo?

{"ANSWER":["establishing context","setup","establishing context","establishing context","timing","setup","escalation","setup","subversion","callback","punchline","wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 136 ===
 Do not include any extra text in your final answer. Use double quotes.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "setup", "setup", "escalation", "subversion", "callback", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 137 ===
 Do not include any additional text in your response. Here is a joke in spanish: ¿Sabéis lo que es el capitalismo?
Sí, lo sabéis, sí, lo sabéis.
Esa cosa que es como el queso de cabrales, más rico contra más podrido está. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line in this multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 138 ===
 Please put your final answer in the last line.
Okay, let's see. I need to classify each line of this Spanish joke into the given categories. The joke is:

"Esa cosa, el capitalismo, que nos va a llevar a todos a la Tercera Guerra Mundial.
Bueno, a todos menos a los griegos.
Los griegos cuando hay la Tercera Guerra Mundial, ya estarán muertos."

First line: "Esa cosa, el capitalismo, que nos va a llevar a todos a la Tercera Guerra Mundial." This is setting up the context. It's introducing the idea that capitalism will lead everyone to WW3. So maybe "establishing context".

Second line: "Bueno, a todos menos a los griegos." This is the setup. It's presenting the initial premise that everyone except the Greeks will be involved. So "setup".

Third line: "Los griegos cuando hay la Tercera Guerra Mundial, ya estarán muertos." This is the punchline because it's the surprising twist. The humor comes from the unexpected reasoning why Greeks are excluded—they're already dead. So "punchline".

Wait, but maybe the second line is part of the setup, and the third is the punchline. Let me check again. The first line establishes the context that capitalism leads to WW3. The second line introduces an exception (Greeks), which sets up for the punchline. The third line subverts expectations by explaining why Greeks are excluded in a darkly humorous way. So maybe the third line is the punchline. Let me confirm the labels. The options include "setup", "punchline", etc. So the first line is establishing context, the second is setup, and the third is punchline. That makes sense.
</think>

{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "punchline"]}

=== Prompt 139 ===
 Make sure to separate each label with a comma and space, and put the labels in the same order as the lines in the joke.
Okay, let's break down this joke. The user wants me to classify each line by its role in the joke structure. The joke is in Spanish, so I need to understand it first.

First line: "Los griegos son los nuevos judíos, de verdad." Translating that, it's "The Greeks are the new Jews, really." This seems like a setup because it's making a comparison that's unexpected. Maybe there's a stereotype or historical context here. The second line: "Este año los alemanes han empezado por ellos y han dicho, ¿por qué no?" Which translates to "This year the Germans have started with them and said, why not?" 

The first line is setting up a comparison, so that's probably the setup. The second line is the punchline because it's the twist—Germans starting with the Greeks, referencing historical events (like the Holocaust targeting Jews) but flipping it to Greeks. The humor comes from the unexpected twist and the dark irony. So the first line is setup, the second is punchline. Wait, but maybe the first line is the setup, and the second is the escalation or subversion? Let me think again. The setup introduces the comparison, and the punchline delivers the twist. The second line is the punchline. So labels would be setup and punchline. Let me check the possible labels again. The options include setup, punchline, escalation, etc. The first line is the setup, the second is the punchline. I think that's correct. The first line establishes the context of the comparison, and the second line delivers the joke by applying it to a new situation.
</think>

{"ANSWER":["setup", "punchline"]}

=== Prompt 140 ===
 Make sure you don't output anything else.

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. The user provided a joke in Spanish, and I need to label each line with the appropriate role. First, I'll read through the joke to understand the flow.

The joke starts with "El capitalismo nos ha dividido..." which sets up the context about capitalism dividing society. That's probably establishing context. The next line "Esto es así." seems to reinforce the context, maybe repetition or establishing context again. Then the speaker states that capitalism is the blight of society. That's escalation, building up the argument.

The next part talks about how capitalism changes you internally, comparing past and present reactions to a beggar. The setup here is introducing the contrast. The shift from feeling pity to thinking the beggar might earn more is the punchline, as it subverts the expectation. The last line about the beggar earning more is the punchline. The structure seems to escalate the critique, then subvert the expected reaction with a twist. Let me check each line again:

1. "El capitalismo nos ha dividido, ha dividido la sociedad, ha hecho mella entre los pobres e implante entre los ricos." – Establishing context by presenting the problem.
2. "Esto es así." – Repetition to affirm the context.
3. "El capitalismo es la lacra de esta sociedad." – Escalation, making a stronger statement.
4. "De hecho, te cambia por dentro." – Setup for the example.
5. "Antes veías a un mendigo y te daba pena." – Setup, previous perspective.
6. "Ahora ves a un mendigo y piensas, seguro que gana más dinero que yo este tío." – Punchline, the subverted reaction.

Wait, but the last line is the punchline. The escalation is in the statements about capitalism being bad. The setup is the part where it says capitalism changes you. Then the contrast between past and present is the setup leading to the punchline. Maybe the line about changing you is the setup, and the two lines about the beggar are setup and punchline. Let me adjust. The labels would be:

1. Establishing context
2. Repetition
3. Escalation
4. Setup
5. Setup
6. Punchline

But I need to make sure each label is correct. The repetition of "Esto es así" after

=== Prompt 141 ===
 Please think carefully before answering.

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the joke in Spanish. Let me read through each line and see what's going on.

The joke starts with the speaker saying, "No tengo nada... No tengo nada en contra de los mendigos, nada en contra." So they're saying they have nothing against beggars. That's probably setting up the context or the premise. Next line: "Lo único que se le puede criticar a los mendigos es que muy creativos, muy creativos, no son." Here, the speaker is criticizing beggars for not being creative. That might be part of the setup or escalation.

Then, "No, ¿sabéis? Fijaos siempre con los mismos carteles, que si no tengo dinero, que si me van a desahuciar, que si no me gusta el Aquarius." This is giving examples of the same old signs, mentioning "no me gusta el Aquarius." This seems like it's building up the criticism, maybe escalation.

Next line: "Ya sabemos que no te gusta el Aquarius." The speaker is responding to the beggar's sign about Aquarius. Then, "El vino sí, el vino me gusta." The beggar says they do like wine. The speaker responds, "Claro que te gusta el vino, ¿eh? Se huele desde aquí que te gusta el vino." Here, the speaker is pointing out the contradiction—saying they don't like Aquarius but liking wine. That's probably the punchline or part of the subversion.

Then, "El Aquarius no, el Aquarius me sienta mal." The beggar explains why they don't like Aquarius. The last line: "No tiene mucha visión comercial." The speaker comments on the lack of commercial vision. This might be a callback or wrap-up.

Now, assigning labels. Let's go line by line.

1. "No tengo nada... No tengo nada en contra de los mendigos, nada en contra." – Establishing context. The speaker is setting up their stance against beggars.
2. "Lo único que se le puede criticar a los mendigos es que muy creativos, muy creativos, no son." – Setup. Introducing the main criticism.
3. "No, ¿sabéis? Fijaos siempre con los mismos carteles..." – Escalation. Expanding on the lack

=== Prompt 142 ===
 Do not output anything after your final answer.

Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the joke in Spanish. Let me read through each line again.

The joke starts with "El otro día había un mendigo pidiendo la puerta del día." Translating that, it means "The other day there was a beggar asking at the door of the day." Hmm, "puerta del día" literally is "door of the day," which might not make much sense. Maybe it's a play on words or a mistranslation? The next line says, "Para empezar, la puerta del día no es un buen sitio para pedir dinero." So, "First of all, the door of the day is not a good place to ask for money." That seems like the setup, pointing out the absurdity of the situation.

Then, "O sea, a ese tío no cae en que en tres o cuatro meses esa gente puede estar en su misma situación." Translating that: "I mean, that guy doesn't realize that in three or four months that people might be in the same situation as him." This is probably the escalation, adding more to the critique of the beggar's logic.

Next line: "Sé de lo que hablo, yo compro en el día." Which means "I speak from experience, I buy during the day." This seems like a punchline because it's a play on words. The phrase "compro en el día" can mean "I buy during the day," but "día" also sounds like "día" in Spanish. Wait, maybe there's a pun here. The original joke's first line mentions "puerta del día," and the last line uses "en el día," which could be a play on the phrase "comprar al contado" (to buy on the spot or cash), but maybe there's a pun with "día" and "contado," which are homophones in Spanish. So the punchline is a wordplay, making it a punchline with a twist.

Now, breaking down each line:

1. "El otro día había un mendigo pidiendo la puerta del día." – This sets up the context by introducing the scenario. So maybe "establishing context."

2. "Para empezar, la puerta del día no es un buen sitio para pedir dinero." – This is pointing out

=== Prompt 143 ===
 Please put your final answer in the last line.
Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. First, I need to understand the structure and how each part contributes to the humor. The joke is in Spanish, but I can work with the translation.

The first line: "De hecho, el tío tenía un letreo y el letreo ponía, necesito dinero, soy diabético." This sets up the context—there's a guy with a sign saying he needs money because he's diabetic. So that's establishing context.

Next line: "Digo, ¿cómo eres diabético y qué?" The speaker is questioning the guy's claim, which is part of the setup. It introduces doubt, so setup.

Then: "Digo, hay un montón de gente diabética." The speaker points out that many people are diabetic. This is building up the premise, maybe leading to a punchline. Setup again.

"Digo, mi padre es diabético, mi tío, digo, innova, tío, innova." Here, the speaker mentions their own family members and starts telling the guy to "innova" (innovate). This seems like escalation, pushing the situation forward.

"Y el tío vino, digo, vino, no, innova." The guy misunderstands and says "vino" (came) instead of "innova." This is a misdirection because the speaker intended one thing, but the guy interprets it differently.

"le doy un boli y digo apunta y digo apunta, digo pon ahí soy de la yihad y he venido a matar al presidente del gobierno es un buen gancho." The speaker gives him a pen and suggests writing a more effective hook, like being from Al-Qaeda. This is escalation, making the situation more extreme.

"y me dice el tío no sé cómo se escribe yihad y ahí tenemos otro problema, la formación." The guy admits he doesn't know how to spell "yihad," leading to the punchline about education. This is the punchline, subverting expectations because the joke was building up to a serious threat, but it's undercut by his illiteracy.

Now, checking labels again. The first line is context. The next setup lines. The part where the guy misunderstands "innova" as "vino" is misdirection. The suggestion about Yihad is escalation.

=== Prompt 144 ===
 Make sure to separate the labels with commas and enclose the list in square brackets.
Okay, let's see. I need to classify each line of this Spanish joke according to the given labels. The joke is about someone not feeling as sorry for a beggar because the beggar's sign has poor photography, implying a lack of effort. 

First line: "no es insensibilidad no lo es, pero si yo veo un mendigo y el mendigo tiene un letrero y el letrero tiene falta de fotografía, automáticamente el mendigo me da menos pena" – This sets up the context. It's explaining the premise, so maybe "establishing context".

Second line: "O sea, demuestra una falta de interés Muy grande por su trabajo" – This is expanding on the setup, maybe "setup" again or "escalation" because it's adding more to the reasoning.

Third line: "O sea, con la cantidad de tiempo libre que tienes ¿Y haces esa mierda, tío?" – This seems like it's escalating the criticism, so "escalation".

Fourth line: "Yo creo que los mendigos Creo que los mendigos tendrían que tener puntos de referencia" – This is introducing a new idea, maybe "misdirection" or "redirection"?

Fifth line: "Creativamente, hablando como los narcotraficantes END OF JOKE." – The punchline here is comparing beggars to drug traffickers in terms of creativity, which is the humorous twist. So "punchline".

Wait, let me check again. The first line is establishing context. The next lines build up the argument, then the comparison to drug traffickers is the punchline. The part about having free time and doing "that crap" is escalation. The line about reference points might be a setup for the punchline. Maybe "setup" for the punchline. Or maybe "callback"? Not sure. Let me think again.

The structure seems to be: context, setup, escalation, then the punchline. The line about narcotraficantes is the punchline. The line before that might be a setup leading to the punchline. So maybe "setup" for the punchline. The line about reference points could be part of the setup. The labels available include "setup", "escalation", "punchline", etc. So the final line is definitely the punchline. The line before that is part of the setup leading to

=== Prompt 145 ===
 Do not include any other text in your final answer.
Here is the analysis of the joke line by line:
- "No estoy a favor del narcotráfico pero hemos de reconocer que esos tíos, creativamente hablando, son los mejores del mundo.": This line introduces the context of the joke by establishing the topic and the premise.
- "Pasan droga en cualquier parte.": This line continues the setup by providing more details about the premise.
- "En pelucas, en huesos de escayola, en fichas de dominó.": This line escalates the joke by adding examples of the absurdity of the situation.
- "Hace poco han pillado un calamar gigante con droga.": This line introduces a new element of surprise and escalation.
- "Un calamar gigante.": This line is a repetition for emphasis.
- "¿De dónde coño? ¡Han sacado un puto calamar gigante!": This line is a subversion of expectations, as it's a reaction to the absurdity of the situation.
- "¿Se tiene el cártel de la droga un vivero de calamar gigantes?": This line is a misdirection, as it introduces a new question that's not directly related to the main joke.
- "¡Darío, wey, este es Rodolfo!": This line is a setup for the next line.
- "18 de largo por 8 de ancho.": This line is an escalation of the absurdity of the situation.
- "Darwin lo fliparía con Rodolfo.": This line is a meta-humor reference to a famous scientist.
- "Pero nosotros lo utilizamos para pasar droga.": This line is a redirection of the joke, as it brings the focus back to the main premise.
- "De hecho, si alguna vez alguno de nosotros ve a un dinosaurio traspasar la frontera entre México y Estados Unidos, ese no es un dinosaurio normal.": This line is an escalation of the absurdity of the situation.
- "Ese es un dinosaurio mula.": This line is a punchline, as it reveals the twist of the joke.
- "Creado por el cártel de la droga.": This line is a setup for the next line.
- "De hecho, a ese dinosaurio lo identificaría rápidamente si lo pones en Jurassic Park

=== Prompt 146 ===
 Do not include any additional text beyond this. Here is a joke in spanish: Bueno, ya para ir acabando, decir que este es un gran trabajo, de verdad, para mí es un placer estar aquí delante de todos vosotros hoy.
\nHace seis años que me dedico a esto, hago las actuaciones, mucha gente me dice «Ey, tío, de verdad, felicidad, yo no podría salir ahí y hacer reír a la gente como haces tú».
\nY a mí, desde que me dedico a esto, hay un montón de trabajos que tampoco podría hacer ya.
\nPor ejemplo, yo, dedicándome a esto, ya no podría trabajar de enterrador.
\nNo, dedicándome a esto, toda esa gente ahí mirándome y así no haciendo un puto chiste.
\nyo digo una cosa, entre las pocas expectativas de la gente y el efecto sorpresa del chiste entra seguro de rollo, parece que se ha movido
\nno tengo nada en contra de los enterradores, me parecen un gremio cojonudo
\nes un trabajo muy chungo el trabajo de enterrador pero no es peor que el trabajo de cómico
\nel trabajo de cómico es mucho peor que el trabajo de enterrador
\na ningún enterrador cuando acaba se le acerca a alguien y le dice oye, me ha gustado como ha enterrado pero me gustó más el enterrador de la semana pasada END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line in this multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 147 ===
 Do not use markdown. Do not explain your reasoning.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "non-line", "non-line", "non-line", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "non-line", "non-line", "non-line", "non-line", "non-line", "non-line", "punchline", "punchline"]}

=== Prompt 148 ===
 Do not use markdown. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The joke is provided in the input as a single string with newlines. The labels should be in the same order as the lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines. The labels should be in the same order as the joke lines

=== Prompt 149 ===
 Make sure the number of labels in the array is equal to the number of lines in the joke.

Okay, let's try to figure out how to label each line of this Spanish joke. First, I need to understand the joke's structure and what each line is doing. The joke is in Spanish, so maybe some parts are wordplay or references that I need to consider.

Starting with the first line: "Hola. ¿Qué tal? Buenas noches." This seems like an opening line, establishing context by setting the scene of a conversation. It's a greeting, so maybe "establishing context."

Next line: "Buenas noches. Que no." The person responds with "Buenas noches" but adds "Que no," which might be a twist or a misdirection. Maybe "misdirection" here because it's unexpected.

Third line: "Vengo de Valencia." The speaker is from Valencia. This could be establishing context again, providing background about where they're from.

Fourth line: "Gente con tarita." Translating, "People with a chip." Maybe a stereotype or a joke about Valencians having a certain trait. This could be setup for a punchline later.

Fifth line: "Lo habréis visto por la tele. Mujeres y hombres, eso es nuestro, inventad por nosotros." They mention a TV show, "Mujeres y hombres y viceversa," which is a dating show. The speaker claims it's their invention. This might be setup or escalation, building up the premise.

Sixth line: "Con lo que sobró hicimos Gandíasor con todos los subnormales a la playa." "Gandíasor" is a play on Gandia, a town in Valencia, and "subnormales" is derogatory. The humor here is escalating, maybe escalation or subversion, as it's a twist on the previous line's TV show reference.

Seventh line: "Así que lo explico. Buenas noches." The speaker explains, then says "Buenas noches" again. This could be a setup leading to the punchline.

Eighth line: "¿Vale? Buenas noches. Todos juntos. Buenas noches." Repeating "Buenas noches" and asking if it's okay. This repetition might be a timing element or a callback.

Ninth line: "END OF JOKE." This is the wrap-up.

Wait, let me

=== Prompt 150 ===
 Do not include any other text in your submission.

{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "timing", "punchline"]}

=== Prompt 151 ===
 Do not include any explanations or other text. {"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "non-line", "non-line", "subversion", "timing", "wrap-up"]} 

=== Prompt 152 ===
 Please do not use markdown, only plain text.
Here is the Spanish joke with each line labeled according to its role in the joke's structure:

1. **"Quiero dejar claro una cosa. Yo a mi madre la quiero."** - *establishing context*  
2. **"Pero yo creo que la quiero porque la tengo que querer."** - *establishing context*  
3. **"Porque yo tengo una madre muy tradicional que no se adapta."** - *setup*  
4. **"Y yo como la quiero, se lo digo."** - *setup*  
5. **"Le digo, mamá, que no te adaptas."** - *setup*  
6. **"Dice, ¿qué qué?"** - *timing*  
7. **"Digo, que no te adaptas, que te has quedado, que no te adaptas."** - *setup*  
8. **"Dice, ¿qué qué?"** - *timing*  
9. **"Digo, que no te adaptas porque la quiero."** - *misdirection*  
10. **"No, no, no, no, no, no, no. La quiero mucho."** - *timing*  
11. **"Y se lo digo. Le digo, mamá, que no te adaptas."** - *setup*  
12. **"Dice, ¿qué qué?"** - *timing*  
13. **"Digo, que no te adaptas, que te has quedado, que no te adaptas. te adaptas?"** - *setup*  
14. **"Dice, ¿qué qué?"** - *timing*  
15. **"Digo, que no te adaptas porque la quiero mucho a mi madre, porque la quiero..."** - *misdirection*  
16. **"...y esto es muy duro para un hijo, porque yo hay veces que llego de los monólogos muy tarde de madrugada a casa, llego, la despierto, dice, ¿qué?"** - *setup*  
17. **"Digo, que no te adaptas mamá, ¿no lo ves que no te adaptas?"** - *setup*  
18. **"Que no se adapta, no, que no se adapta, no se adapta."** - *setup

=== Prompt 153 ===
 Do not add any extra text or explanation.

{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "punchline"]}

=== Prompt 154 ===
 Do not include any other text in your final answer. Here is a joke in spanish: De pequeño me decía, hijo mío, bebe agua que aclara la vista.\nHijo mío, bebe agua que aclara la vista.\nMira, me lo dijo tantas veces que yo de pequeño me bebía un vaso de Coca-Cola y veía borroso.\nFíjate las veces que me habrá dicho.\nQue se me ha quedado secuela de eso, se me ha quedado secuela.\nQue el otro día vi en mi pueblo al que vende los cupones bebiendo agua, digo, a buenas horas, socio, te ples tú a buenas horas.\nClaro. ¡Hombre! END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line in this multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 155 ===
 Make sure there are as many labels as there are lines in the joke.
Okay, let's tackle this. The user provided a joke in Spanish and wants each line labeled with a role from the given list. First, I need to understand the joke's structure.

The joke starts with the speaker talking about learning tricks from living in a couple for a long time. That's setting up the context. Then they mention "tricks that can save your life," which is the setup. The next lines describe a scenario where someone is distracted by the computer, not doing two things at once. That seems like establishing context again. Then they talk about being absorbed in reading ingredients of chewing gum, which is part of the setup. The line about not noticing anything but feeling a strong energy is the escalation. The Spider-Man spider-sense analogy is a callback or maybe a subversion. The part about birds before an earthquake is another callback or escalation. The line "I think I'm going to die" is the setup for the punchline. Finally, when they turn around and it's too late, that's the punchline. The last line "END OF JOKE" is a meta-humor element. Let me check each line again to assign the correct labels.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context","setup","setup","establishing context","setup","escalation","callback","callback","setup","punchline","meta-humor"]}

=== Prompt 156 ===
 Here is a joke in spanish: Ya está ella ahí gritándote ¡Que sea la última vez!\nY tú en ese momento Sabes que te vas a comer Dos horas de chapa\nSin ninguna garantía De que después de esas dos horas Sepas de qué iba la chapa\n¿Cómo se puede evitar esto?\nSi tienes reflejos Y sangre fría\nEn el momento en el que tú notas el tsunami\nAquí el serpiente está de la vuelta END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line in this multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 157 ===
 Make sure that you do not include any additional text or explanation in your final answer. Do not use markdown. Let's see. I need to classify each line of this Spanish joke into one of the given categories. Let me start by reading through the joke again to understand the flow. The joke starts with "Y ya lo tienes encima Que sea la última vez ¿Vale?" This seems like setting up a situation, maybe a conflict or a scenario where someone is being asked to do something for the last time. So maybe that's establishing context or setup. Next line: "Con toda Mantén la calma Mantén la calma Mantén la calma". Repeating "Mantén la calma" three times. Repetition is a possible label here, but maybe it's also building up tension, so escalation? Then "Con toda la tranquilidad La calma" – this seems to continue the theme of calmness, maybe escalation or repetition again. "Y con toda la dulzura del mundo En ese momento de Que sea la última Le dices Hasta así que tienes una cosita aquí" – this is a bit confusing. It mentions doing something with "toda la dulzura del mundo" (all the sweetness in the world) and then mentions having a "cosita" (a little thing). Maybe this is the setup leading to the punchline. Then "¡Buah! Es un barrido psicológico ¡Buah! END OF JOKE." The exclamation "¡Buah!" is often used in jokes for comedic effect, and "barrido psicológico" translates to "psychological sweep," which might be the punchline. The repetition of "¡Buah!" could be timing or repetition. Let me try to break it down line by line. 1. "Y ya lo tienes encima Que sea la última vez ¿Vale?" – This is setting up a scenario where someone is being told to do something for the last time. Establishing context or setup. 2. "Con toda Mantén la calma Mantén la calma Mantén la calma" – Repetition of "Mantén la calma" to build up, maybe escalation or repetition. 3. "Con toda la tranquilidad La calma" – Continuing the theme, maybe escalation or repetition. 4. "Y con toda la dulzura del mundo En ese momento de Que sea la última Le dices Hasta así que

=== Prompt 158 ===
 Do not use any other text in your response. Do not use markdown.
``` {"ANSWER":["establishing context","establishing context","establishing context","establishing context","setup","setup","setup","escalation","misdirection","subversion","timing","callback","redirection","wrap-up"]} ```

=== Prompt 159 ===
 Note that this is a joke in Spanish, but you should classify the lines in the order they appear in the joke regardless of language.
Okay, let's see. I need to classify each line of this Spanish joke into the given categories. Let me start by reading through the joke line by line and understanding the flow.

The first line is "Gracias, amigos. ¿Qué tal? ¿Cómo estáis? ¿Bien?" – that sounds like the speaker is greeting the audience, setting up the context. So maybe "establishing context".

Next line: "Yo... Sí, no me importa." – the speaker is responding to how they are, but in a dismissive way. This could be part of the setup, introducing their nonchalant attitude.

Then: "No, la verdad es que yo estoy preocupado." – here, they contradict their previous statement, which might be a misdirection or a setup for the joke. Maybe misdirection because they're changing their stance.

"engo un montón de monólogos grabados y para este no tenía que contar nada." – this is explaining their problem, maybe part of the setup or establishing context again. Wait, but it's about their prepared monologues, so maybe setup.

"O sea, no me ocurre nada en la vida. Es mi problema." – this is the speaker explaining their issue, which is the core of the joke. This could be part of the setup or escalation.

"No me pasan cosas, ¿sabes? No vivo aventuras, nada." – reinforcing the problem, so maybe escalation.

"A veces fantaseo con cosas para poder contarlas. En plan, quedarme atrapado en un ascensor, ¿sabes? Cosas así." – introducing the hypothetical scenario, which is the setup for the punchline.

"De hecho, si me quedara atrapado en un ascensor, me molaría que fuera con una tía que estuviera muy buena o si no con una matrona de hospital..." – escalating the scenario, adding more details, so escalation.

"...para que me tranquilizara, en plan, respira, tranquilo, no pasa nada estaría guay" – explaining the desired outcome, maybe part of escalation.

"sí, porque cuando estás en esas situaciones lo pasas mal, sobre todo pensando en la muerte" – this is the punchline, as it reveals the dark twist that the previous scenarios are actually scary

=== Prompt 160 ===
 Do not include any additional text or explanation in your final answer.
Here is a joke in Spanish:

"Me pasa, yo pienso en la muerte y da mal rollo, ¿no?"  
"porque te viene mal a lo mejor morir y sí, yo qué sé a lo mejor tienes planes o te has abierto Tinder"  
"o sea, a lo mejor yo qué sé, algo así, ¿sabes?"  
"no sé"  
"de hecho de hecho además esto que dicen que cuando mueres tu vida pasa en diapositivas..."  
"a mí me agobia un montón eso porque esto quien lo lleva quien gestiona las fotos que yo voy a ver"  
"yo no puedo, yo estoy muriendo, estoy ocupado"

To classify each line of this joke, we need to analyze the structure and function of each part in the context of humor delivery. Here's the breakdown:

1. **"Me pasa, yo pienso en la muerte y da mal rollo, ¿no?"**  
   This line sets up the general topic and the speaker's emotional reaction to it. It introduces the context of thinking about death and the discomfort it brings.  
   **Label: Establishing context**

2. **"porque te viene mal a lo mejor morir y sí, yo qué sé a lo mejor tienes planes o te has abierto Tinder"**  
   This line builds on the initial context by adding specific, humorous examples of what might be lost if one dies, such as future plans or Tinder matches. It escalates the humorous situation by making it more relatable and absurd.  
   **Label: Escalation**

3. **"o sea, a lo mejor yo qué sé, algo así, ¿sabes?"**  
   This line is a follow-up that reinforces the previous escalation with a casual, conversational tone. It doesn't add new information but emphasizes the speaker's uncertainty and the absurdity of the situation.  
   **Label: Repetition**

4. **"no sé"**  
   This short line continues the theme of uncertainty and adds a layer of self-deprecation. It maintains the conversational tone and the absurdity of the situation.  
   **Label: Repetition**

5. **"de hecho de hecho además esto que dicen que cuando mueres tu vida pasa en diapositivas..."**  
   This line introduces a new element—the common belief that one

=== Prompt 161 ===
 Do not write anything else after your final answer.

{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "escalation", "subversion", "escalation", "escalation", "callback", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 162 ===
 Let's work through this step by step. First, I'll look at each line of the joke and try to understand its role in the overall structure. The first line is "O sea, vivo a cinco minutos de La Paz, a cinco minutos andando". This seems to be setting up the location of the speaker. La Paz is likely referring to a place, and the speaker is emphasizing the short distance. So this is probably establishing context. The second line "Y a cinco minutos del Ramón y Cajal" continues with the same idea, adding another location (Ramón y Cajal is a hospital in Madrid, I believe). This is also establishing context. The third line "O sea, estoy aquí distante" translates to "So, I'm here distant" which seems a bit contradictory to the previous lines about being close to places. This might be a misdirection or a setup for a punchline. The fourth line "Yo en caso de accidente moriré de indecisión" is "In case of an accident, I will die of indecision". This is the punchline because it's the humorous twist that connects the proximity to locations with the indecision in case of an accident. The fifth line "O sea, esto será así, ¿sabes?" translates to "So, this will be like this, you know?" which is a wrap-up or a way to reinforce the joke. The last line "Gracias por ver el video. END OF JOKE." is clearly a wrap-up and also a meta-humor element since it's acknowledging the audience and the format of a video. So the labels would be: 1. establishing context 2. establishing context 3. misdirection 4. punchline 5. wrap-up 6. meta-humor, wrap-up But since each line must have exactly one label, I need to choose the most fitting one for each. The last line is both wrap-up and meta-humor, but since I can only choose one, I'll go with wrap-up as it's the primary role. So the final answer would be: {"ANSWER":["establishing context", "establishing context", "misdirection", "punchline", "wrap-up", "wrap-up"]} 

=== Prompt 163 ===
 Do not use markdown. Here is the joke again:

Si hay alguien que le ofenda el humor político o crea que yo le puedo llegar a ofender haciendo humor político, por favor, simplemente que levante la mano que yo pasaré de su puta cara, ¿vale?
Pero solamente quiero saber que voy a joder a alguien.
¿No hay nadie? Genial, de puta madre. Vamos a ello.
¿Hay algún votante del PP hoy aquí?
Que levante un billete, va, en serio.
No hay cojones, no pasa nada.
Si no hay nadie del PP no tiene sentido que haga chistes del PP, así que vamos a elegir otro tema.
END OF JOKE.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification step by step. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke and the role each line plays. The user wants each line labeled with one of the specified categories.

Starting with the first line: "Si hay alguien que le ofenda el humor político o crea que yo le puedo llegar a ofender haciendo humor político, por favor, simplemente que levante la mano que yo pasaré de su puta cara, ¿vale?" This line is setting up the context. The comedian is addressing potential offense and establishing that they don't care if someone is offended. So maybe "establishing context."

Next line: "Pero solamente quiero saber que voy a joder a alguien." Here, the speaker clarifies their intention to offend someone. This could be part of the setup, building up to the punchline. Maybe "setup."

Third line: "¿No hay nadie? Genial, de puta madre. Vamos a ello." This is a reaction to the previous line. Since no one raised their hand, the speaker is happy. This seems like a punchline or maybe a callback. But since it's a reaction, maybe "punchline" or "redirection." Wait, the speaker is moving forward, so maybe "redirection" as they proceed to make a joke.

Fourth line: "¿Hay algún votante del PP hoy aquí?" The speaker is asking if there's a PP voter. This is setting up a target for the joke. This could be part of the setup or establishing context. Maybe "setup."

Fifth line: "Que levante un billete, va, en serio." The speaker asks the PP voter to raise a bill (money), which is a bit of

=== Prompt 164 ===
 You must follow the instructions precisely.
Okay, let's tackle this. The user wants me to classify each line of the Spanish joke into specific roles. First, I need to understand the joke structure. The joke is about the speaker's indifference to the Catalan independence issue but then revealing it's because his girlfriend is an independentist.

Line 1: "aprovechando que estamos en Barcelona no sé, algo de política, que os suene por aquí que esté de moda" – This sets the context by mentioning being in Barcelona and bringing up politics, specifically a popular topic. So that's establishing context.

Line 2: "por ejemplo, yo que sé, la independencia de Cataluña" – Here, the example given is Catalan independence. This is part of the setup, introducing the topic.

Line 3: "voy a opinar honestamente y tratando de ofender lo menos posible sobre la independencia de Cataluña, ¿de acuerdo?" – The speaker is setting up their honest opinion, which is a setup for the punchline.

Line 4: "allá va me suda la polla la unidad de España me suda la polla la independencia de Cataluña," – This is a strong statement of indifference, which serves as the setup leading to the twist.

Line 5: "no obstante me gustaría que Cataluña fuese un estado independiente porque mi novia es independentista y me tiene la puta cabeza así con el puto tema, tíos." – The twist here is the personal reason, which is the punchline. The escalation from indifference to a personal reason is the punchline.

Now, checking if there's any misdirection or timing. The initial lines set up the speaker's indifference, which is subverted by the personal reason. So maybe the first part is setup, and the last line is the punchline. Also, the repetition of "me suda la polla" is a repetition for emphasis, so that line might have repetition and setup. But the main punchline is the last line. 

Wait, the labels include repetition. The line with "me suda la polla" is repeated, so that line has both setup and repetition. The last line is the punchline. Let me check each line again:

Line 1: Establishing context (mentions Barcelona and politics)
Line 2: Setup (introduces the example of independence)
Line 3: Setup (preparing to give an opinion

=== Prompt 165 ===
 Here is a joke in spanish: O sea, me daría igual una guerra civil
me daría igual una guerra civil si yo llego un día a mi casa y estoy tranquilo, tíos, en serio.
O sea, cada 11 de septiembre la independencia de Cataluña abduce a mi novia y se la lleva a hacer gimcanas por Cataluña.
Hace dos años fue lo de la cadena humana de punta a punta que no sirvió de nada.
El año pasado fue hacerlo de la V en las dos calles estas principales de Barcelona.
Tampoco sirvió de nada.
Este año ha sido lo de coger la calle objetivamente más fea de Barcelona y llenarla de gente muy motivada.
Tampoco sirvió de nada.
Yo le dije a mi novia digo, cariño, el año que viene lo que tenéis que hacer es que cojáis todos juntos y os vais a PortAventura y aprovecháis el descuento de grupos.
y no significa que yo esté en contra de la independencia o que esté en contra de que se manifiesten END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line in this multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 166 ===
 Do not add anything after your final answer. No explanation needed.

{"ANSWER":["establishing context","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","setup","punchline","wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 167 ===
 Please do not use any markdown formatting. The labels are case-sensitive. Please make sure your list has the same number of elements as the number of lines in the joke.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context","establishing context","setup","escalation","meta-humor","setup","escalation","callback","escalation","punchline","timing","punchline","wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 168 ===
 You must output the correct number of labels equal to the number of lines in the joke. You must not add any extra text. Please make sure you do not use markdown in your answer.
Yo iba en plan romántico, a hacer el amor, un poco de velitas, un poco de incienso, un poco de jazz, ¿sabes?
Ella venía a perderle el respeto al cuerpo humano.
O sea, yo me quedaba acojonado.
Tú sabes, hubo un momento que estaba yo tumbado, boca arriba, ella estaba encima de mí cabalgando hacia el apocalipsis como si no hubiera mañana.
De estos momentos, chicos, en los que dudas si sigues participando de eso, ¿no?
Sigo yo...
Y de repente se viene arriba y me grita, me dice ¡Insúltame! ¡Escúpame! ¡Pégame!
Claro, yo que soy de otra generación, lo primero que pienso es a ver, si lo haces bien no hace falta, ¿no?
Gracias. END OF JOKE.

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants me to classify each line with the appropriate label from the given categories. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke.

The first line sets up the scenario: the speaker is going for a romantic evening with candles, incense, and jazz. That's establishing context. The next line introduces the contrast by mentioning the other person's intention to disrespect the human body. That's the setup, creating a contrast between the two characters' intentions.

The third line, "O sea, yo me quedaba acojonado," shows the speaker's reaction, which is escalation of the tension. Then the fourth line describes the situation in more detail, so that's more context or maybe setup. The fifth line is a reflection on the moment, which could be a misdirection or meta-humor, but maybe it's part of the escalation. 

The sixth line, "Sigo yo...", is a pause, which might be timing. The next line introduces the unexpected request from the other person, which is a subversion of the expected romantic scenario. The speaker's response is the punchline, using a non-literal interpretation (if you do it right, you don't need to insult, etc.), which is the punchline. The last line is the closing

=== Prompt 169 ===
 You are allowed to use the same label more than once.
Okay, let's tackle this joke analysis. First, I need to understand the joke in Spanish and then classify each line according to the given roles. The joke is about someone explaining why they like going to the zoo, their stance on animal welfare in zoos, and their personal limits regarding the issue.

Starting with the first line: "Yo creo que por eso me gusta, porque a mí me gustan mucho los animales, de verdad, me gusta un montón..." This sets up the context by explaining the speaker's general fondness for animals. So maybe "establishing context."

The next line: "...pero tanto como para ir al zoo, o sea, yo voy al zoo activamente, sin sobrinos, o sea, voy porque quiero." This is the setup because it introduces the main point about actively going to the zoo. So "setup."

Third line: "O sea, me gustan tanto los animales como para ir al zoo, ¿sabes?" This is a repetition of the setup, reinforcing the point, so maybe "repetition."

Fourth line: "Pero no tanto como para estar en contra de los zoos, eso ya es un nivel superior, ¿sabes?" Here, the speaker contrasts their stance with a more extreme view, which is an escalation of the argument. So "escalation."

Fifth line: "Esta gente que dice, no, yo prefiero verlos en libertad porque ahí sufren y tal..." Introducing a counter-argument, which is a form of misdirection or setup for the punchline. Maybe "misdirection."

Next line: "...yo prefiero que sufran y que estén en mi ciudad, o sea, sí, porque no tengo ese nivel ya, ¿sabes?" This is the punchline where the speaker humorously admits they don't have the higher moral ground, so "punchline."

Then: "De hecho, además tampoco creo que esté tan claro que sufren." This adds a subversion by challenging the common belief, so "subversion."

Last line: "No sé, ¿cómo lo saben? END OF JOKE." This is a meta-humor because it questions the knowledge of others, adding a layer of self-awareness. "meta-humor."

Wait, maybe some lines need reclassification. Let me check again. The line about preferring animals in their city despite suffering is the punchline

=== Prompt 170 ===
 Do not include any other text in your response.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "subversion", "callback", "punchline"]}

=== Prompt 171 ===
 Do not mark up your response. Do not use any markdown in your response.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context","setup","escalation","misdirection","escalation","escalation","subversion","callback","timing","meta-humor","punchline","wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 172 ===
 Do not output anything else. Please reason step by step below. ###

Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the joke in Spanish. The user provided a multi-line joke, and I need to label each line with the correct role.

Starting with the first line: "Y de hecho está en la entrada de casa." Translating that, it means "And in fact, it's at the entrance of the house." This seems like setting up the context where the aquarium is located. So maybe "establishing context."

Next line: "Y cuando alguien entra en casa, claro, se crea una situación en la que, claro, el acuario, yo veo a él, tal, no sé qué, y claro, me veo como obligado, ¿no?" This is the setup. It's explaining the scenario where someone enters the house and the speaker feels obligated to show off the aquarium. So "setup."

Third line: "A decir, sí, bueno, este es muy exótico, viene de Australia, tal, no sé, de enseñárselo." Here, the speaker is explaining how they explain the aquarium's origin, trying to make it interesting. This is part of the setup or maybe escalation. Since it's adding more to the scenario, maybe "escalation."

Fourth line: "Y yo sé que ellos también se ven como obligados en la situación de, ajá, tal, no sé qué, pero no les importa, no les interesa..." The speaker is talking about how the guests are forced but don't care. This is building up the situation, so maybe "escalation" or "setup." Since it's adding to the interaction, "escalation."

Fifth line: "...un poco como vosotros ahora, o sea, no les, están ahí, sí, es por educación, ajá, qué interesante..." Comparing the guests to the current audience, pointing out they're just being polite. This is a meta-humor element, as it's addressing the audience directly. So "meta-humor."

Next line: "Están deseando que acabe ese momento, ¿sabes? Quieren pasar a otra cosa." This is the punchline. The guests are eager for the moment to end, wanting to move on. So "punchline."

Then: "Y lo sé porque yo también tengo amigos que tienen hijos." This is wrapping up the

=== Prompt 173 ===
 Please put your final answer in the last line.
Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the joke in Spanish. Let me read through it again.

The joke starts with someone complaining about parents and their kids. Then there's a mention of a drawing by a five-year-old, and the person says they can't form opinions on controversial topics except for abortion, where they support it even in the late stages. Then there's a part about a kid using a marker on the sofa, and the parent says they haven't decided yet. The last line is "Sí, sí, está guay eso" which translates to "Yes, yes, that's cool."

Now, I need to break down each line into the given labels. Let's go line by line.

1. "Qué pesados son, de verdad, los padres con los hijos." – This is setting up the context about parents being annoying. So maybe "establishing context."

2. "Mira este dibujo. Qué interesante, tu hijo de cinco años." – The setup here is introducing the drawing by the child, leading into the next part. So "setup."

3. "¿Qué dibujos? ¿Tienen más?" – This seems like a misdirection or maybe escalation. The person is confused, not understanding the drawing reference. Maybe "misdirection" because it's a shift in the conversation.

4. "O sea, no sé. No sé, ¿sabes?" – The speaker is expressing uncertainty. This could be part of the setup for the next part where they talk about not having formed opinions. Maybe "establishing context" again, but maybe "setup."

5. "Yo, mira, yo en los temas polémicos de la humanidad los temas así filosóficos tal nunca tengo una razón formada..." – This is the speaker explaining their stance on controversial topics. This is setting up the contrast with the abortion topic. So "establishing context" or "setup."

6. "...porque unos argumentan en una dirección otros en otra, las dos formas de argumentar me parecen válidas nunca tengo una opinión formada..." – Continuing the explanation. Still part of the context or setup.

7. "...salvo en el tema del aborto, yo estoy a favor totalmente del aborto, el aborto tardío, hasta los 10" – Here, the speaker introduces an exception,

