=== Prompt 1 ===
 Think carefully and slowly before giving your answer. Let's go line by line.

Okay, let's tackle this. The user wants me to classify each line of the joke into specific labels. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke.

The joke starts with the speaker addressing an audience, probably in a counseling or advice setting. The first line is setting up the context by mentioning that many women come with the same problem—jealousy. That's establishing context. 

Next, the speaker says, "Bien, chicas, esto es muy fácil. En serio. Apuntad." This is the setup because it introduces the main idea that the solution is simple. 

Then the advice is given: "Si que quieres tu se chico a tire otra, dos puntos, tíratelo tú." This is the punchline because it's the main humorous twist, suggesting a counterintuitive solution. 

The next part where the speaker mentions a woman saying the guy still looks at other women is an escalation, adding more problem to the scenario. 

The response "Tíratelo más. Tíratelo más. Las veces que haga falta." is another punchline or maybe a repetition of the advice, reinforcing the solution. 

The line about the guy getting disgusted when approached by another woman is a subversion because it flips the expectation, showing the humorous outcome. 

The part where the speaker says "Por cierto, chicos, de nada. O sea, vamos, vamos. Tengo que venir yo aquí a defender lo nuestro." is a meta-humor or wrap-up, as it adds a self-aware comment and concludes the joke. 

I need to make sure each line is correctly labeled. Let me go through again:

1. Establishing context: The first part about women coming with the problem.
2. Setup: Introducing the solution is easy.
3. Punchline: The advice to sleep with the guy to prevent him from looking elsewhere.
4. Escalation: The problem continues even after the advice.
5. Punchline: Reinforcing the advice to do it more.
6. Subversion: The guy's reaction when approached.
7. Meta-humor/Wrap-up: The speaker's self-deprecating comment at the end.

Wait, maybe the last part is wrap-up. The labels should fit each line. Let me check each line again.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context","setup","punchline","escalation","punchline","subversion","wrap-up

=== Prompt 2 ===
 

Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. The user wants me to label each line with one of the given categories. First, I need to read through the joke carefully and understand the structure. 

The joke starts with "¿Qué pasa?" which is like a question setting up the scenario. Then the speaker mentions their girlfriend getting pregnant. That's probably establishing context. 

Next, the dialogue between the couple where the girlfriend tells him she's pregnant. The setup here is the initial situation. The speaker's reaction might be part of the setup or escalation. 

The part about women mutating like Pokémon is a bit of a humorous comparison, which could be misdirection or meta-humor. The mention of the second trimestre and the specific time details (semana 15 más 3 hora 7, minuto 34) adds specific context, maybe establishing context or timing. 

The line about buying new bras because her breasts are spilling out is the punchline, but the way it's delivered as casual ("como si te digo, voy a bajar a por el PAN") is a setup for the punchline. The speaker's reaction here is escalation. 

The part where he says "Digo, escúchame..." is his reaction, which might be escalation or misdirection. The comparison to wearing high heels for balance is another example, which is repetition or meta-humor. 

The final lines about "Cuidado. Cuidado." and "Esto es lo mejor..." could be the wrap-up or punchline. 

I need to make sure each line is correctly labeled. Let me go line by line.

1. "¿Qué pasa?" – Establishing context (starts the story)
2. "Que cuidado, juegas con fuego, el que la sigue la persigue, como dijo aquel, y al final mi chica se quedó embarazada." – Setup (introduces the problem)
3. "Es curioso porque ya cuando te lo dice es raro, ¿no?" – Misdirection (shifts focus to the telling of the news)
4. "Me dice ella, cari, cari, cari, tengo que decirte una cosa." – Setup (dialogue leading to the punchline)
5. "Digo, no jodas, estás embarazada." – Setup (anticipating the news)
6. "Un poco, digo, eso es, que

=== Prompt 3 ===
 Here is a joke: ¿Qué pasa? Que hay un momento del embarazo que son las clases de preparación al parto que deberían llamarse las clases para acojonar al padre para que no entre al parto.
Esto es una mierda que te ponen un vídeo, ¿vale?
Te ponen un vídeo de los años 60, se conoce que después ya no dejaron grabar o lo que fuera.
Vídeo viejuno que se ha muerto de viejo ya el hijo y la madre, todos ya.
Está la mujer ahí abierta, en posición pues de dar a luz, ¿eh?
Tiene a la mujer ahí, pues bueno, en esa época la Venus esta de Gillette no estaba de moda, ¿eh?
Y tiene la mujer pues cuatro mapaches, tiene ahí a Bob Marley fumándose ahí un porrete ahí, no woman, no cry...
tiene ahí dos negritas haciéndose trenzas como en la playa, lo que es una selva, está el calleja ahí colgado haciendo un desafío extremo...
y de pronto tú ves que de ahí sale una persona que sale ya montada, que parece, o sea, sale ya para vivir, para vivir...
que que parece a va decir,pues ha quedado buens tarde...
es acojonante, acojonante, mira, brutal.
Gracias. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 4 ===
 

Okay, let's tackle this joke analysis. First, I need to read through the joke carefully and understand each line's role. The joke is in Spanish, so I'll have to parse it line by line.

The first line: "Bueno, pues creo que con esto ya me conocéis un poquito más." This seems like the speaker is setting up the context, maybe after some prior conversation where they were talking about themselves. So that's probably establishing context.

Next line: "Ahora me tocaría a mí conocerlos a vosotros." Here, the speaker is shifting the focus to the audience, which might be part of setting up the next part. Maybe setup?

Then: "¿Algún racista en la sala? ¿No?" This is a question to the audience, possibly setting up for a joke about racism. That could be setup.

The next line: "Nos da un poquito de grima esas razas claramente inferiores, como la gente que dice... ¡Holi!" This is making a joke about people who say "Holi" as being from an inferior race, which is the setup for the actual punchline. So maybe escalation or setup.

Then: "A mí el racismo me parece un problema bastante grave. Pero creo que lo contrario también lo es." The speaker is talking about racism being a problem, but also the opposite (being too non-racist). This is setting up the contradiction, so setup or escalation.

"Yo creo que soy demasiado no racista." This is the setup for the examples that follow. So setup.

The example about the Ecuadorian cleaner: "Porque, os pondré un ejemplo, hay una chica que viene de vez en cuando a limpiar a mi casa y sistemáticamente me rompe un plato y no la despido, porque es de Ecuador." This is the setup for the punchline where the speaker claims not to fire her because of her nationality, which is a twist. So setup.

The line "Si Estdo ueee Cartagena Deiamante,a su uta wmilia." This seems like a typo or intentional misspelling of "Si está en Cartagena, a su familia." Maybe a misdirection or timing? It's unclear, but the jumbled words might be for comedic effect.

Then: "Pero yo, como no racista militante, no puedo despedir a Chela, que es una ecuatoriana majísima de unos

=== Prompt 5 ===
 Here is a joke: Otro claro ejemplo de que es un problema ser demasiado no racista.\nHace unos meses tuve un problema, se me clavó una costilla en el pulmón, tuve que ir a urgencias, vi al plantel de médicos, había mediado cena de médicos y uno de ellos era negro.\nY yo pensaba, que me toque el negro, que me toque el negro, que me toque el negro.\nEra como una jubilada española en Cuba.\nY me tocó, me tocó el negro.\nTuve suerte y dije, joder, de puta madre.\nEntonces vino el médico negro, me puso la anestesia, me pinchó en el pulmón, me puet una gasa y con la bolsita de la gasa hizo una bola y la tiró a la papelera sin mirar.\nY yo pensaba, que no la meta, que no la meta.\nFuera tópicos, que tú seas negro no significa que sepas jugar bien al baloncesto.\nLa metió,la metió limpia,la metió limpia porque vecesd a pone te muy duro no seer racista,la cabrones. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 6 ===
 Here is a joke: Tuve que ir a hacerme, me tuve que ir a hacer unas radiografías y cuando volví para llevárselas al médico, el médico no estaba y le pregunté a la enfermera dónde está y la enfermera me dijo qué médico es.
Claro, cuando llegas al hospital con una costilla clavada en el pulmón, la verdad es que lo último en lo que te fijas es el nombre del médico.
Entonces en mi cabeza solo sonaba el negro, el negro, el negro, el negro, el negro, el negro.
Pero yo no podía reducir seis años de carrera, cuatro años de MIR, un posible viaje en patera en la raza del médico.
Entonces, pues tomé la decisión que habría tomado cualquier adulto, que es hacerme el loco.
¿Eh? ¿Cómo?
Si no, no, el médico es alto.
El negro, el negro, el negro, el negro, el negro.
No sé, ¿qué edad tiene un negro?
No, no, no, ¿qué edad tiene un negro?
¿Habéis visto alguna vez un nigerio a costa de marfil del Mundial Sub-16?
La mitad podrían m ser sementl.
No, no, gracias a WhatsApp podemos saber el tamaño de la polla de un negro, pero nunca podemos saber su edad.
Entonces ella seguía preguntándome, ¿es calvo, lleva gafas, es negro, es negro?
Y evidentemente, me preguntó, ¿es negro?
Y joder, el castellano es una lengua muy rica en vocabulario
Y yo sinceramente creo que elegí las tres peores palabras para responder a esa pregunta
Que s,no estoy seguro
Gracias. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 7 ===
 Here is the joke broken into lines for your convenience:

Claro, es que son muy inteligentes.

Un coach cobra por hacerte preguntas.

Tú le dices a un coach, ¿crees que derrocho el dinero? Y él te responde, ¿qué crees tú? 200 euros, ¿sabes?

Joder, que yo le dije... Que yo le dije, joder, macho, no tengo 200 pavos.

Dice, entonces, ¿qué? ¿No me vas a pagar? Digo, no sé, ¿qué crees tú?

Por a eso mí con entrenamiento el me pasaq como la con marihuana Que me encanta per he acabado la hastaq polla
Okay, let's try to figure out how to label each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the structure and what each part does. The joke is in Spanish, but I'll do my best.

Starting with the first line: "Claro, es que son muy inteligentes." This seems like it's setting up a context or explaining something. Maybe the context is about why coaches are smart? But I'm not sure yet. Let me check the next lines.

Second line: "Un coach cobra por hacerte preguntas." This is a general statement about a coach charging for asking questions. This could be establishing the context of the joke, explaining the premise of a coach's role.

Third line: "Tú le dices a un coach, ¿crees que derrocho el dinero? Y él te responde, ¿qué crees tú? 200 euros, ¿sabes?" This is the setup of the conversation between the person and the coach. The person is questioning if they're wasting money, and the coach responds with a question and a price. This is likely the setup for the joke.

Fourth line: "Joder, que yo le dije... Que yo le dije, joder, macho, no tengo 200 pavos." Here, the speaker is expressing frustration or surprise that the coach is charging 200 euros. This seems like an escalation in the conversation, as the person is now revealing they can't afford it.

Fifth line: "Dice, entonces, ¿qué? ¿No me vas a pagar? Digo, no sé, ¿qué crees tú?" The coach is now reacting to the person not being able to

=== Prompt 8 ===
 

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand each line's role in the joke structure. The joke is in Spanish, but I can parse it line by line.

The first line: "Sí, porque están los cursos de coaching estos multitudinarios 200 personas en un hotel ahí" – this sets the context by introducing the scenario of large coaching courses. So that's establishing context.

Next line: "Te lo venden como si fuera la vacuna contra el cáncer" – this is the setup, building up the exaggerated promise of the course. Setup.

Third line: "Lo más maravilloso del mundo Como hacerle la eutanasia al hijo de Will Smith" – this seems like a hyperbolic example of what the course promises, so it's escalation, raising the stakes.

Fourth line: "Y llegan ahí y te prometen que te van a enseñar El truco para conseguir el trabajo que quieres El dinero que quieres La pareja que quieres" – this continues the setup, listing the promises, so setup again.

Fifth line: "Claro,yo llegué preparado paa falsificar el DNI dfe Brad Pitt." – this is the first twist, the speaker's own preparation, which is a form of misdirection, maybe, or establishing a character's intent.

Then: "Cuando llega el momento te dicen que el truco es trabajar, trabajar y trabajar." – this is the subversion, where the expected big secret is just working hard, which subverts the previous hyperbole.

Next line: "Hostia, esto es como si Harry Potter te promete enseñarte a volar y a la hora de la verdad te dice, ¿quieres volar? END OF JOKE." – this is the punchline, comparing the situation to Harry Potter's false promise, leading to the humorous conclusion.

Now, checking the labels again. The line about Brad Pitt's DNI might be meta-humor or misdirection. But since the speaker is preparing for something extreme, it's part of the setup for the punchline. The final line is definitely the punchline. The line about working is subversion. The first part sets context, then setup, escalation, setup again, misdirection, subversion, punchline. The rest are setup and escalation. The last line is the punchline. The part about Harry Potter is the punchline. So the labels should

=== Prompt 9 ===
 Here is a joke: ¿Estás preparado? Ok. Métete en internet, pon vuelos baratos.
Cógete el más barato, no seas tonto. Y vete al aeropuerto a la hora que te pone ahí.
Claro,te más decepciona que un Minion presentando pasapalabra.
Así que por eso prefiero cosas mucho más potentes, como un chamán.
Sí, porque la sabiduría chamánica data del año 1500 hace, antes de Coach, ¿sabes? Súper antigua. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 10 ===
 Here is a joke: Yo fui a un chamán y me puse ahí delante de él y el tío... ¡Ay, ay, esto es tu aura!
Y al aspecto había un grupo de chavaes con de problemas psicomotricidad y típ el,¡ay,ay,esto canción Aurin!
Claro, lo vio. Que lo vio, que lo vio. Esto es verdad. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 11 ===
 

To clarify, the joke is in Spanish. Here's a translation for reference:

"So, of course, I've been researching on the Internet and I've realized that all coaches have something in common.\nAll of them have a dark, murky past.\nIt seems that to become a coach you have to have overcome some trauma, you know?\nThey're like Batman.\nWhat happens is that Batman comes with his Batmobile and a coach comes with a couch, right?\nIt's a difference... Am I right? It is.\nThanks."

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants each line classified with a specific label from the given list. The joke is in Spanish, but I'll use the translation provided to understand the context and structure.

First line: "So, of course, I've been researching on the Internet and I've realized that all coaches have something in common." This sets up the premise, so it's establishing context.

Second line: "All of them have a dark, murky past." This continues the setup by stating a common trait of coaches, so setup.

Third line: "It seems that to become a coach you have to have overcome some trauma, you know?" Here, the speaker is elaborating on the previous point, adding more context. Maybe escalation, as it's building up the idea that coaches have past traumas.

Fourth line: "They're like Batman." Comparing coaches to Batman, which is a metaphor. This could be a setup for the punchline, so maybe setup or misdirection, but since it's introducing a comparison, maybe setup.

Fifth line: "What happens is that Batman comes with his Batmobile and a coach comes with a couch, right?" This is the punchline where the twist happens. The comparison between Batmobile and couch (which sounds like "couche" in French, but the speaker is making a play on words) is the humorous twist. So this is the punchline.

Sixth line: "It's a difference... Am I right? It is." This is reinforcing the punchline and getting audience agreement. This could be a wrap-up or a callback, but since it's confirming the joke's point, maybe wrap-up.

Seventh line: "Thanks." The closing line, which is a wrap-up.

Now, considering the labels again: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line

=== Prompt 12 ===
 Here is a joke: A mí me gustan mucho las cerezas, porque yo las veo como aceitunas, pero en chica.\nY me imagino siempre que una cereza...\nEs gracioso, sí.\nY una... Es verdad.\nPues me yo sirmpre imagino que una y aceituna una son cereza como una par felaqware lesbianas donde la aceituna la es que tiene el escas pelo. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 13 ===
 Here is a joke: que el otro día se me enfadaron unas chicas actuando.
Me dice, pues nosotras somos dos cerezas.
Digo, pues vete al pachá que ya tenéis el logotipo hecho.
Mira, estoy hasta el coño de que se ofenda la gente ya, ¿eh?
Perdón que utilice esta palabra, es que si digo estoy hasta la vagina parece que me he manchado de algo, ¿verdad?
Es como los chicos que decís mucho, me suda la polla, me suda la polla.
si Porque decís,me suda pener el,como es,vete pues médico al. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 14 ===
 Here is a joke: Además, yo creo, mira, que las palabrotas son el spa de los pobres, ¿verdad?
Porque es que las dices y te quedas, de un relajado, de un tranquilo.
Mira, probarlo, tú mañana te vas al curro y hija puta tu jefa te monta un pollo, pero de estos gordos de decir, la mataba.
Mira,tú te vas al baño,te cierras,¡hija Estado Diamante la puta gran,la he reventado tuerca la cabecera,la zorra,eswo!
Mira, te quedas, te parece que has estado un mes en el Tibes con Richard Gere, mira una cosa.
Yo lo recomiendo siempre, mira, es gratis, lo puedes hacer desde cualquier sitio y lo más, lo más, lo más importante, no te tienes que poner gorro de piscina. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 15 ===
 Here is a joke: ¿Se puede estar más feo que con gorro de piscina?
Yo creo que quien inventó el gorro de piscina es una persona maligna, ¿verdad? De Slytherin.
Esto es para los frikis de Harry Potter.
O eso que ha tenido una infancia de mierda. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 16 ===
 Here is a joke: Que yo tuve una infancia un poco pochi.\nCuando tu madre te daba de comer, te decía, ¡Ah, hija, que viene una moto! ¡Hija, que viene un coche! hija, que viene un camión...\ndigo, mamá, me quieres dar de comer ya que nos estás haciendo perder el tiempo a las dos y me quiero echar la siesta...\nluego que wl en cole me decían,gorda,gorda,digo,no que es gorda,que es que tengp dentro el aparcamiento de a T4.\nGracias. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 17 ===
 Here is a joke: Le dio por la acupuntura, que esto me encanta.
Si sabéis lo que es la acupuntura, lo cuento rápidamente.
Para quien no lo sepa, resulta que si tú estás nervioso o tenso, para que te calmes, te clavan 18 agujas por todo el cuerpo.
Para que te calmes.
Te dejan gallumos con los ojos cerrados y el tío va clavando.
Tú no lo ves, pero el tío lo ves así como...
Está para la espalda.
Esta para el sueño.
Esta para que no te duelan.
Los 300 euros voy que cobrartew a.
Y luego ya pasamos al Reiki, que esto es el colmo del morro ya. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 18 ===
 Here is the joke: El Reiki es una terapia que te curan sin tocarte.
O sea, te pasan las manos a un palmo de distancia y ya no te tocan.
Pero es que el tío te lo razona.
El tío te dice, mira, me entra la energía por aquí.
Digo, ¿la del universo?
Me dice, sí, la del universo.
Me entra por aquí.
Dice, se me acumula aquí y me sale por las manos.
Digo, ¿me estás diciendo que haces cameames de energía, pavo?
O sea, esto es muy fuerte.
Y el tío me dice, no, notarás un calorcito.
Eso es la energía.
Y es verdad, se nota el calorcito.
abrí Psro un ojo y pillé lo pasando el mechero.
O sea, digo, ¡plutón de mar!
END OF JOKE.

Alright, let's tackle this joke classification. The user wants each line labeled with one of the specified roles. Let me read through the joke again and break it down line by line.

First line: "El Reiki es una terapia que te curan sin tocarte." This sets up the context by introducing Reiki as a therapy. So that's establishing context.

Next: "O sea, te pasan las manos a un palmo de distancia y ya no te tocan." This is expanding on the setup, explaining how the therapy works. Maybe setup again, but maybe escalation because it's adding more detail.

Then: "Pero es que el tío te lo razona." This seems like a transition to the next part where the person explains their reasoning. Maybe setup or escalation.

"El tío te dice, mira, me entra la energía por aquí." The person is explaining their process. This is part of the setup for the joke, leading to the punchline.

"Digo, ¿la del universo?" The speaker is reacting, which is part of the dialogue. This is a question, maybe misdirection or setup.

"Me dice, sí, la del universo." The responder confirms, building up the absurdity. This is escalation.

"Me entra por aquí." Continuing the explanation. Still setup or escalation.

"Dice, se me acumula aquí y me sale por las manos." More explanation. Setup or escalation.

"Digo, ¿me estás

=== Prompt 19 ===
 OF. PROBLEM.
Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. The user provided a joke in Spanish, and I need to assign a label to each line based on its role in the joke structure. The labels are things like setup, punchline, etc. First, I need to understand the joke and then break it down line by line.

The joke starts with "Y a esa hora, doce y media entre semana en el gimnasio, la media de edad..." which translates to "And at that time, 12:30 on a weekday at the gym, the average age..." This seems like setting the scene, so maybe establishing context.

Next line: "¿Cómo lo digo y no ofendo?" meaning "How do I say it without offending?" This is the speaker preparing to make a joke that might be sensitive, so this is probably setup.

Then: "Justin Bieber y Hannah Montana no hay." which is "There's no Justin Bieber and Hannah Montana." This is introducing a contrast, maybe misdirection or setup.

Next line: "Lo que más hay es Manuel Storri Iglesias y Conchas Velasco." Translates to "What there's the most of is Manuel Storri Iglesias and Conchas Velasco." These are likely references to older people or characters, so maybe escalation.

Then: "Hay mucho viejo, hay mucho viejo." "There are a lot of old people, there are a lot of old people." This is the punchline, as it's the direct statement that's the joke's climax.

The next line: "punto que natatorio la una parece efervescrnte pastillaw tanta con piel muertas." This seems like a typo but roughly translates to "the pool at one o'clock seems like an effervescent tablet with so much dead skin." This might be a callback or a subversion, adding a visual gag related to the previous lines about old people in the gym/pool.

Now, let me check each label again. The first line is establishing context. The second is setup. The third is misdirection (mentioning famous young people to contrast). The fourth is escalation (introducing older people). The fifth is the punchline. The last line is a callback or maybe meta-humor, but since it's a visual gag related to the pool and dead skin, maybe it's a subversion or a callback. The user mentioned "punto que

=== Prompt 20 ===
 Here is the joke split into lines with the labels:

1. **Nunca ningún problema con la gente mayor del gimnasio, nunca ningún problema, never, never, never, never.** - *establishing context*  
2. **Miento, un día, sí, un día, el primer día en el gym, en las duchas.** - *setup*  
3. **No hay sitios.** - *setup*  
4. **Las duchas de mi gimnasio son tipo mili, son duchas tipo mili, ¿qué quiere decir eso? que puede ver culos y pollas si quieres.** - *establishing context*  
5. **Si no quieres, no lo ves.** - *establishing context*  
6. **Aquel hombre se conoce que quería.** - *setup*  
7. **Yo estaba en la ducha, como siempre, yo normal, enjaulándome, ¿no?** - *setup*  
8. **Era mi primer día, yo era blanco, casto, puro, estaba allí.** - *setup*  
9. **Aquí estaba más ratillo, por lo que sea.** - *setup*  
10. **Yo me enjaulo así.** - *setup*  
11. **¿Qué pasa? A veces canto incluso.** - *setup*  
12. **Tenía tanto que darte, tantas cosas.** - *setup*  
13. **Y de un repente octogenario, curkoeiksad con dfe 80 años, por la espalda, va y dice m, ganas desnudo.** - *punchline*  
14. **Me quedé así.** - *reaction* (not a standard label, but fits as *reaction* to the punchline)  
15. **Fui a tapar y pensé, ¿pa' qué?** - *subversion*  
16. **Ya es más suyo que mío.** - *subversion*  
17. **Ese hombre ya hecho ha botón derecho, guardar como, JPG, tuerca mente su.** - *meta-humor*  
18. **Gracias.** - *wrap-up*  

### Final Answer:
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "setup

=== Prompt 21 ===
 OF. JOKE.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to read through the entire joke and understand the flow. The joke is in Spanish, so I'll have to parse it carefully.

The speaker starts by talking about going through a tough time and deciding to date a 21-year-old girl to regain confidence. That's probably setting up the context. Then he mentions the age difference and the expectation of her being insatiable. The setup here is establishing the premise of the joke.

Next, he explains the difference in erogenous zones between men and women, comparing the woman's body to a "mapamundi" (world map) of erogenous zones. This seems like escalation, building up the situation to make the following punchline more impactful. 

He then describes a specific incident where the woman asks him to stimulate multiple areas at once, but he can't manage it. This is the setup for the punchline. The part where he's struggling and the woman tells him to disassociate each point's rhythm and movement is the punchline itself. 

There's a humorous comparison to Nacho Cano in a Mecano concert, which might be a callback or meta-humor, referencing a cultural touchstone. The ending with the atomic number and "Clarence Day me jodas" seems like a non-sequitur or a meta-humor element, possibly a wrap-up or a subversion of expectations. 

I need to label each line. Let me go line by line:

1. Y después de esto dije, bueno, pues tengo que un poquito encaminar mi vida porque pasé una época bastante mala y dije, a ver, ¿cómo puedo encaminar ahora esto? – Establishing context.
2. Pues se me ocurrió estar con otra chica, con otra chica de 21 años, para ganar seguridad, para ganar autoestima, ¿no? – Setup.
3. Porque pierdes autoestima cuando pasa eso. – Setup.
4. Que dije, joder, sacándole 16 años, digo, pues muy mal se me tiene que dar para no sentirme yo seguro con ella en la cama, ¿no? – Setup.
5. Cuidado como vienen las de 21 años. – Setup.
6. Eso es insaciable. – Setup.
7. Bueno, o sea, pero no porque ella fuese insaciable

=== Prompt 22 ===
 Here is a joke: dice, méteme un dedo en la boca
digo, joder, qué ganas de complicar las cosas
dice, no dice, dime algo, dime algo
digo, yo qué sé, digo, guapa
dice, no, no, algo más guarro
digo,gorrina,conejo,gorina que una eres gorrina que no se lava tiene que pelotllas en los calcetines
me dice, sí, sí, está para llegar, está para llegar
dio,para con acceder la que aquí tengo dio ontada,lanzamient tú que me yo queeo eb boxes
¡Gracias! END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 23 ===
 {"ANSWER": ["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "subversion", "timing", "callback", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 24 ===
 

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. The user provided a multi-line joke in Spanish, and I need to label each line with the appropriate role from the given list. First, I'll read through the entire joke to understand the flow and structure.

Starting with the first line: "De verdad, que he tenido muchas experiencias con fantasmas, que no es coña..." This seems to establish the context by introducing the speaker's claim about having real ghost experiences. So that's probably "establishing context".

Next line: "O sea, no cosas raras en plan de raras en plan de no hay que pagar el IBI..." Here, the speaker clarifies that the experiences aren't trivial or about things like not paying property tax. This might be part of setting up the premise, so maybe "setup".

Third line: "...cosas raras de que yo a lo mejor estaba cenando solo en la cocina..." The speaker gives an example of being alone in the kitchen. This is likely part of the setup as well, providing specific examples to build the scenario.

Fourth line: "...y entonces de repente se abría un cajón solo o un grifo solo, empezaba a caer agua." More specifics on the ghost's actions—opening drawers or taps. Still part of the setup, establishing the ghost's behavior.

Fifth line: "Nunca las dos cosas a la vez." Adds a detail that it's never both at once. This could be a small escalation or maybe timing, but since it's a specific detail, maybe "setup" still.

Sixth line: "Se reconoce que era un fantasma muy razonable, ¿me entendéis?" The speaker acknowledges the ghost is reasonable. This might be a subversion, as it's a twist on the typical ghost behavior. So "subversion".

Seventh line: "El tío tenía que pensar, bueno, yo quiero asustar a este chaval, pero no tanto como para matarlo..." The speaker explains the ghost's reasoning. This could be part of the setup or escalation, but since it's explaining the ghost's motives, maybe "setup" or "escalation". Given that it's adding more depth, "escalation".

Eighth line: "...porque entonces podría presentarse y aquí dos darme hostias." The consequence if the ghost killed the person. This is part of the previous line's explanation, so maybe "escalation" or "setup".

Ninth line

=== Prompt 25 ===
 Here is a joke: ...me tiene que tocar bueno ojo que reconozco que hay algo hay algo que me da más miedo que los fantasmas...
...No sé si lo conocéis, ¿eh?
...Yo me lanzo.
...Me está pasando con los niños.
...Hay unos niños malísimos todos, que es...
...Yo voy por un centro comercial andando, ¿vale?
...Voy andando, tal.
...Y entonces me empiezan a adelantar niños muy rápido.
...O sea, como... Que digo, hostia, ¿qué clase de brujería es esta?
...Y entonces resulta que desde hace tiempo hay unas zapatillas de deporte... que tienen una rueda aquí detrás.
...Entonces el niño como que pilla carrerilla y luego hace...
...Pero que van una hostia, que eso salta al radar, mentira.
...O sew, eso que, que tes como adelantan Jedi.
...¿Sabéis de lo que hablo?
...Ah, vale, vale. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 26 ===
 Here is a joke: Pues yo la primera vez que vi aquello, digo...\nJoder,aún hay representar que vago para ponerle ruedas a unas zapatillas de deportw.\nPero... Luego, pensándolo mejor, digo...\nHostia, la idea de ponerle ruedas a un niño ¿No?\nSin hacerle pasar por un trágico accidente, evidentemente.\nO sea...¡Ay,vea!¡Un niña ruedas con! END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 27 ===
 Here is a joke: Yo he visto a muchos padres tirando del niño por la calle.\nEn plan, venga, niño, vamos al colegio.\n¡No quiero que... Venga!\nPonle númerop ruedas atómico 13 niño,tío,ruédalo.\nSi es que debe ser comodísimo.\nDe hecho, yo creo que el tío que ha inventado las ruedas para esas zapatillas es el mismo tío que inventó las ruedas para las maletas.\nEl tío tiene que haber pensado, ¿a qué otra cosa pesada y molesta con la la que tengo que cargar en la vida y puedo poner ruedas?\nA ver,di la diferencks única entre un niño y una equipaje es si que se te la pierde maleta te hagas un disgusto.¿No?\nGracias. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 28 ===
 Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. The user wants each line of the joke labeled with one of the specified roles. First, I need to read through the entire joke to understand the flow and identify where each part fits.

Starting with the first line: "¿No os guste o no?\nTodos somos un poco mongers.\nYo el primero, ¿eh?" This seems like establishing context, setting up the premise that everyone is a bit lazy. The next line "Yo el primero." is repetition, reinforcing the point.

Then the speaker talks about being unemployed and having time but not using it, which is setup for the main joke about procrastination. The lines about working for someone else vs. oneself are escalation, building the contrast. 

The part where he mentions the company being "you" is a subversion, twisting the expectation. The discussion about inherited behavior from exams is establishing context again, leading into the plastidecor story as a callback to the exam days. 

The plastidecor experiment is a misdirection, a specific anecdote that seems random but ties back to the main theme. The interaction with the mother is the punchline, showing the consequence of procrastination. The repetition of "plastidecor" and the confusion about the spelling is meta-humor, maybe. The final lines with the mother entering are the wrap-up, showing the outcome.

I need to make sure each line is correctly labeled. Some lines might be non-linear or part of timing. Let me go through each line again carefully.
</think>

{"ANSWER":["establishing context","setup","repetition","setup","setup","escalation","subversion","establishing context","setup","misdirection","misdirection","meta-humor","misdirection","meta-humor","callback","punchline","wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 29 ===
 

Okay, let's tackle this. So, the user provided a joke in Spanish and wants each line classified with the appropriate label. The labels are things like setup, punchline, etc. First, I need to understand the joke to figure out the structure.

The joke starts with the speaker talking about studying Latin and how it's helped them professionally. Then they mention not being unemployed because of Latin, even though they don't know IT or English. There's a part where someone else says knowing Latin is cool and could improve relations with Italy. The speaker then says they were being silly, repeating "rosa" ten times and ending with "END OF JOKE."

Let me break it down line by line.

1. "Bueno, o me acuerdo perfectamente de estar estudiando otro día latín" – This sets the context, introducing the topic of studying Latin.
2. "Bueno, latín, esa asignatura que tanto me ha servido en mi trayectoria profesional" – Establishes context again, explaining the importance of Latin.
3. "Bueno, o sea, casi no estoy en paro por el latín, ¿eh?" – Setup, leading into the punchline about Latin helping with employment.
4. "Estaban ahí de, oye, mira, es que no sabe informática, no sabe inglés" – Setup, introducing the problem (not knowing IT or English).
5. "Ya, ya, pero sabe latín, mira" – Setup continues, contrasting the lack of IT/English with knowing Latin.
6. "Hostia, pero en serio, sí, sí, sí" – This seems like a reaction, maybe escalation or misdirection.
7. "Oye,eso pero es cojonudo,eso podría mejorar relación nuestra la con stado Italia Diamante hace 20 siglos" – Escalation, taking the joke further with the Italy relation.
8. "Bueno, el caso es que ahí estaba yo, haciendo gilipollas como todos alguna vez" – Maybe a callback or misdirection, shifting to the speaker being silly.
9. "rosa rosa rosa rosa rosa rosa rosa rosa rosa rosa" – Repetition, possibly a non-sequitur or timing element.
10. "END OF JOKE." – Wrap-up.

Wait, the repetition of "rosa" ten times is likely the punchline, using absurd repetition for humor. The previous line

=== Prompt 30 ===
 

Okay, let's break down this joke. The user provided a joke in Spanish, and I need to classify each line by its role. Let me start by understanding the joke first.

The joke is:

"y me quedo mirando el armario el mueble zapatero la mesita de noche la cama
y digo yo creo que puedo ir de la silla al al armario, al mueble zapatero, a la mesita de noche, a la cama y de vuelta a la silla sin tocar suelo.
habéis Lo heho,¿no?
Gracias. END OF JOKE."

First, I need to translate or understand the Spanish to grasp the humor. The first line is the person looking at the wardrobe, shoe cabinet, nightstand, and bed. The second line is them thinking they can move from the chair to the wardrobe, shoe cabinet, etc., and back to the chair without touching the floor. The third line is a question asking if others have done it, and the fourth line is "Thanks. END OF JOKE."

The humor here is likely a play on words or a setup for a twist. The setup is the person thinking they can move between furniture without touching the floor, which might imply they can walk on the furniture, but the punchline is probably a twist where they can't. However, the third line is a question asking if others have done it, which could be a callback or misdirection. The final line is a thank you, which might be a wrap-up.

Let me analyze each line:

1. "y me quedo mirando el armario el mueble zapatero la mesita de noche la cama" – This sets the context by describing the scenario of looking at the furniture. So this is establishing context.

2. "y digo yo creo que puedo ir de la silla al al armario, al mueble zapatero, a la mesita de noche, a la cama y de vuelta a la silla sin tocar suelo." – This is the setup where the character states their belief in moving without touching the floor. So this is setup.

3. "habéis Lo heho,¿no?" – The speaker is asking if the audience has done it, which could be a misdirection or a callback. Since it's a question that might be leading to a punchline, maybe it's a setup or misdirection. Wait, the word "heho

=== Prompt 31 ===
 Here is a joke: Hablando de animales, el otro día el obispo de mi ciudad hizo unas declaraciones.
Yo soy de Alcalá de Henares, tenemos uno de los obispos más incompetentes de toda España, y tuvo el valor de decir públicamente que los homosexuales eran enfermos.
Que la homosexualidad era una enfermedad.
¡Hostia! Dije, a mí me acojonó bastante, porque la Iglesia sabe de enfermedades sexuales, ¿sabes?
Pero lo que me jodió es con qué autoridad moral un obispo puede opinar, un obispo que ni se casa, que no tiene relaciones sexuales, puede opinar de algo que no sabe.
es Eso como ponemos si Stephen a Hawking de des jurado Mira Baila Quién.
¿Sabéis?
Vale, pongamos, pongamos que tengo siete años y todavía me creo lo que dice la iglesia, ¿vale?
Pongamos que tengo siete años y me lo creo.
Quiero más información.
La homosexualidad es una enfermedad.
Dime cómo se pilla, ¿cómo la coges?
¿Es como la gripe? ¿Va poco a poco? END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 32 ===
 Here is a joke: ¿Estás un día en el baño tan tranquilo?
Pues yo acabo de comer, pero me está entrando un hambre.
Tío, hoy no puedo ir a currar.
¿Qué te ha pasado?
¿estoy Que pillando mariconismo?No joidaw.
¿Y eso? END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 33 ===
 OF. PROBLEM. 

Okay, let's see. I need to classify each line of this joke into the given roles. Let me start by reading through the joke line by line to understand the flow.

The first line is "Pero en serio, joder, me han ofrecido presentar la voz." This seems like the speaker is establishing context, maybe setting the scene or introducing the topic. So maybe "establishing context."

Next line: "Con eso te digo todo." This is a bit cryptic, but it might be the setup for the joke, leading into the main story. So "setup."

Third line: "Lo que más me llamó la atención, y esto es real, que un psicólogo se hizo famoso porque vendió a la iglesia que él hacía un tratamiento para curar a los homosexuales." This is introducing the main story about a psychologist and the church, so this is part of the setup or establishing context. Maybe "establishing context" again?

Fourth line: "Hostia, la iglesia enseguida la arropó, le dio publicidad, pero al tiempo se descubrió que era un farsante." Here, the situation is escalating because the church supported him but he turned out to be a fraud. That's probably "escalation."

Fifth line: "Y la iglesia no le denunció." This is another escalation because the church didn't report him, adding to the conflict. So maybe "escalation" again.

Next line: "Yo creo que llegaron a un acuerdo." The speaker is speculating that there was a deal, which could be a form of misdirection or maybe building up to the punchline. Maybe "misdirection" or "setup."

Then: "Le reunieron en el Vaticano y le dijo el Papa, esto es intolerable." This is part of the story's progression, so maybe "escalation" as the situation is getting more intense.

Next line: "O sea, ¿te estás aprovechando de la ingenuidad de la gente para ganar poder y dinero?" The Pope is confronting him, which adds to the tension. "Escalation" again.

Then the psychologist says: "el Dijo tío,vale,vale,me pillado habéis,me habéis pillado,Pero yo si no digo nada de li vuestro,vosotros de tampoco lo mío,¿vale?" This is the resolution

=== Prompt 34 ===
 Okay, let's see. The user wants me to classify each line of a joke into specific roles. The joke is in Spanish, so I need to make sure I understand it correctly. Let me start by translating it to get the gist.

The joke is:
¿Qué camiseta deberíamos llevar a Madrid si queremos realmente tocarle los cojones a los madrileños?
Delaware Una Barcelona 92.
¡Donde duele!

Translating line by line:
1. What t-shirt should we take to Madrid if we really want to get on the nerves of the people from Madrid?
2. A Barcelona 92.
3. Where it hurts!

Now, breaking down each line's role. The first line is setting up the scenario, asking a question about which t-shirt to wear to annoy Madrid people. That's probably establishing context.

The second line is the setup because it's the direct answer to the question posed in the first line. The third line is the punchline because it's the humorous or impactful part that explains why Barcelona 92 is the right choice. "Where it hurts" implies that Barcelona 92 is a sensitive or painful topic for Madrid people, which is the joke's punchline.

Wait, but maybe the second line is the setup and the third is the punchline. Let me check again. The first line is the context, the second is the setup (the answer to the question), and the third is the punchline that adds the humor. The escalation might not be necessary here. The joke is straightforward: question, answer, punchline. So labels would be establishing context, setup, punchline.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "punchline"]}

=== Prompt 35 ===
 Here is a joke: Y bueno, después de todo esto, pues con los tres o cuatro que sobrevivamos, porque nos van a fusilar, nos montamos un estado más pequeñito en Andorra, ¿no?
Por ejemplo, sin opción.
¿Habéis oído que los catalanes caemos mal fuera de Cataluña?
Soy el único que tiene Twitter aquí, ¿no? ¿Verdad?
Yo intento ser positivo, ¿vale?
Yo no pienso que los catalanes caigamos mal fuera de Cataluña.
pienso Sol que el ei ejemplo primer de ébola hubiera sido en Barcelona,se no dado hubieran la imdependencia sin pedirla,tíose.
O no se hubieran sacrificado, no lo sé.
El caso es que, bueno, ya lo he dicho, ni soy independentista ni soy lo otro, me da exactamente igual, pero soy catalán y me molesta que caigamos mal los catalanes, porque los catalanes hemos aportado cosas al resto del mundo, cosas de puta madre. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 36 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but you can respond in English.
Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the joke in Spanish. Let me read through it again.

The first line says, "Los catalanes hemos aportado cosas como, por ejemplo, la sardana, tíos." Translating that, it's something like, "Catalans have contributed things like, for example, the sardana, dude." The sardana is a traditional Catalan dance. So this line is setting up the context by introducing the sardana as a contribution from Catalans.

The next line is, "La sardana ews mierda unma aioler de,pero la sardana ha aportado cosa una considerablemente importante resto al del mundo,que es la costumbre Primer Estado en danzar círculos,la dejando rop en para vehículo no tener que el subvencionar guardearropa." This part is a bit jumbled, maybe with some typos. Let me parse it. It seems to say that the sardana is a mess or bad, but it has contributed an important thing to the rest of the world: the custom of the first state to dance in circles, leaving clothes in a vehicle so you don't have to subsidize the guardarropa (which is a place to keep clothes during a dance). So here, the speaker is escalating the point by explaining the supposed contribution, even though they called it "mierda" (crap). This is building up the absurdity.

The last line is, "Esto es nuestro, hay que reivindicarlo." Which translates to "This is ours, we have to claim it back." This seems like a wrap-up, reinforcing the pride in the contribution despite the earlier criticism.

Now, applying the labels:

1. The first line introduces the sardana as a Catalan contribution. That's establishing context.
2. The second line escalates by explaining the supposed important contribution despite calling it bad. That's escalation.
3. The third line wraps up by asserting ownership and the need to claim it, so wrap-up.

Wait, but there's a subversion here. The speaker first says the sardana is crap but then claims it's a significant contribution. That contrast might be a subversion. However, the labels are per line. The first part of the second line is a subversion

=== Prompt 37 ===
 Think carefully and make sure that you understand the joke before you answer.
Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the joke itself. The user provided a multi-line joke in Spanish, and I need to assign a label to each line based on its role in the joke structure. The labels are things like setup, punchline, misdirection, etc.

Starting with the first line: "La verdad siempre por delante." Translating that, it means "The truth is always ahead." This seems like it's setting up the premise or context for the joke. So maybe that's establishing context.

Next line: "Que muchos de vosotros ya estarán encendiéndose y dicen ¡Sí, acabemos con las falacias!" This is talking about the audience reacting, saying they want to get rid of fallacies. This might be the setup, introducing the topic.

Then: "No, solo con las mentiras." Which is "No, only with lies." This is a correction or clarification, maybe part of the setup or escalation.

"El sexo oral está muy bien." Translates to "Oral sex is very good." This seems like a random insertion, maybe misdirection or non-sequitur. It doesn't directly relate to the previous topic about lies and fallacies. So perhaps misdirection.

"Yo lo que digo es que cuando alguien se inventa una mentira normalmente puede ser para escurrir el bulto o para meterte miedo." The speaker is explaining that lies are made to avoid blame or to scare. This is providing context or explanation, so maybe establishing context or setup.

"Por eso hay esas mentiras en la sociedad que se inventan cosas para meterte miedo." Continuing the explanation about societal lies to scare people. Still context or setup.

"yo Como que sé,el pues monstruo de lagonés,la chica Delaware la vuelta,pebes los de de más 7 centímetroa." This line is a bit unclear due to possible typos. It seems like the speaker is listing examples of lies or myths (monstruo de Lago, Delaware girl, 7 centimeters). These could be examples they're using to illustrate their point. Maybe escalation or examples leading to a punchline.

"Que de joder, eso no, eso no." Translating to "To annoy, no, that's not it." The speaker is

=== Prompt 38 ===
 Here is a joke: Porque, fijaos, gracias a las mentiras te hacen creer que necesitas cosas que en realidad no necesitas, pero, hala, vengas a comprar y vas a comprar y vas a comprar.
Fíjate tú la publicidad.
La publicidad te pone unos anuncios que son la leche, pero impresionantes, unas cosas, una parafernalia.
O sea, vamos a ver, ¿de verdad te tienes que montar toda esa historia para venderme un perfume?
Si eso tiene que ser algo más directo.
Tú pon a una sra.en l tele que diga,esto muy huele confortablemente. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 39 ===
 To classify each line of the joke, I'll examine the structure and purpose of each line. Here's the breakdown:

1. **"Y a mí me ha convencido, no necesito más."**  
   - This line sets up the initial context, suggesting the speaker is convinced and doesn't need more.  
   - **Label: establishing context**

2. **"Pero no."**  
   - This is a short, sharp line that contradicts the previous one, redirecting the flow.  
   - **Label: redirection**

3. **"No hacen eso, no hacen algo así directo y sincero, no, te montan la película..."**  
   - This line escalates the contradiction and introduces a new scenario (a movie).  
   - **Label: escalation**

4. **"...en la que de pronto ves la ciudad de París por la noche iluminada, la Torre Eiffel llena de luces..."**  
   - This line describes a romantic, cinematic setting, setting up an absurd scenario.  
   - **Label: setup**

5. **"...de pronto llega un atunero de 200 metros del Lora que va ahí arrancando adoquines por la calle..."**  
   - This line introduces absurdity and escalates the surrealism.  
   - **Label: escalation**

6. **"...con un navegante vestido Ppeye dew en la proa va que a un dar a beso una intermedio chic desnuda tuerca balcón un le y da un beso."**  
   - This line is chaotic and surreal, continuing the absurd escalation.  
   - **Label: escalation**

7. **"¿Tú te crees que eso es real?"**  
   - This line questions the plausibility of the absurd scenario, leading to the punchline.  
   - **Label: setup**

8. **"¿Desde cuándo a un marinero depilado le gustan las mujeres?"**  
   - This line introduces a humorous contradiction, leading to the punchline.  
   - **Label: setup**

9. **"Que eso no hay quien se lo crea."**  
   - This line delivers the punchline by stating the absurdity is unbelievable.  
   - **Label: punchline**

Here is the final classification:

{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "redirection", "escalation", "

=== Prompt 40 ===
 Here is a joke: Así luego te ponen esos anuncios también por la noche los de teletienda...
...que te los ponen de una manera y a unas horas que compras lo que sea, porque a esa hora estás dormido, borracho o en los mejores de los casos estás drogado...
...y dices, pues venga, voy a comprar lo que sea
Dices,hola,venga,voy a adquirir el wlargador pene de y dices,perro tú para lo qué quieres abue,que yo sé,para las y croquetas lo comprab
Pero de verdad necesitamos esas cosas el palo del selfie, lo necesitamos
lo Eso hecesitas,pero si Primer toda Estado vikdas la tú ibas la por calle y le dices a me uno haces una y fto todavía tienes el palo,ya te has lo ahorrado.
Ya está, no. Pero un palo, no, no, espera, espera.
Tú quieres un palo, no, entonces dentro de nada nos vamos a volver medio gilipollas...
...vedrá y alguien por la calle y te a va decir,pues mira,he inventado un vaso para zurdos.
Y tú ahí. No lo veo. Lo has cogido mal. ¡Me cago en la hostia! ¡Qué bueno es esto, tío!
Pero oye, que me queda otra mano. ¿Qué tienes ahí, canalla, que me estás volviendo loco?
Bueno, pues tengo un tip, es de color negro.
Dame dos, me cago en la puta, que me los llevo.
Eres el Stephen Hawking de los inventos.
Que me llevo todo, que tienes canalla, que me vas a quitar la vida.
Bueno,pues tengo un en léikco ordenacuón aleatoprio.
Oye, take my mother fucker, me dinero, dame todo, venga, joder, que es una lucura.
Me he venido muy arriba.
Gracias. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up,

=== Prompt 41 ===
 {"ANSWER": ["establishing context", "non-line", "non-line", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup", "setup",

=== Prompt 42 ===
 

Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. The joke is in Spanish, so I'll need to understand the translation and the context. Let me start by translating the lines to get a better grasp.

1. "Digo, hostia, chaval." – This seems like an exclamation, maybe setting the scene or context. The speaker is addressing someone, maybe a friend, so maybe establishing context.

2. "Bueno, pues se lo trajeron todo porque..." – This line starts the setup, introducing the reason why something happened. It's leading into the main joke.

3. "Cuidado. Se lo trajeron todo." – Repeating "se lo trajeron todo" here might be part of the setup or maybe escalation, emphasizing the action.

4. "Yo cuando era pequeño me acuerdo que me traían una cosa, una cosa si me portaba bien." – This is establishing context, explaining the speaker's childhood experience with receiving gifts based on behavior.

5. "Vamos, si me portaba mal, carbón. Si me portaba bien, una cosa." – This continues the context, contrasting good and bad behavior and their consequences.

6. "Y además yo le preguntaba a mis padres, digo, papá, digo, ¿y por qué al niño Jesús le trajeron tres cosas?" – This is part of the setup, introducing a question that leads into the explanation about the Three Kings.

7. "Dice, pues mira, le trajeron oro como rey, Incienso como Dios y Mirra como hombre." – This is the explanation from the parents, which is part of the setup, providing the traditional reason for the gifts.

8. "Pues a mí me han un traído cim pijama un gilipollas,papá,¿sabes?" – Here, the speaker is making a joke about receiving a silly gift (a pajama with a fool), which is the punchline or maybe subversion, as it's a twist on the expected gifts.

9. "Pero me lo creía." – This is a callback or maybe meta-humor, indicating that the speaker believed the story about the Three Kings.

10. "Pero que me creía que eran los reyes magos los que lo tenían." – This is a repetition or wrap-up, reinforcing the belief in the Three Kings.

11. "Porque de

=== Prompt 43 ===
 Here is the joke again for reference: Que nos creíamos de pequeños que los niños venían de París.\nLos niños vienen de París. ¿Cómo le dices eso a mi hija Martita?\nCinco años yo he estado en el colegio de Martita con sus compañeros de clase.\nY te voy a decir una cosa, mira. Peruanos, ecuatorianos y dominicanos, los que queráis.\nPrimer Estado París no le ha venidp ni uno,como te lo cuento. END OF JOKE.

Okay, let's break down this joke line by line. The first line is "Que nos creíamos de pequeños que los niños venían de París." That's setting up a common childhood misconception that kids come from Paris. So that's probably establishing context.

Next line: "Los niños vienen de París. ¿Cómo le dices eso a mi hija Martita?" Here, the speaker is reiterating the misconception and then asking how to explain it to their daughter. This seems like the setup for the joke.

Then, "Cinco años yo he estado en el colegio de Martita con sus compañeros de clase." The speaker is explaining they've been at the school for five years. This is adding more context, maybe to build credibility. Maybe escalation?

The next line: "Y te voy a decir una cosa, mira. Peruanos, ecuatorianos y dominicanos, los que queráis." The speaker is about to make a point, listing nationalities. This might be misdirection or setup for the punchline.

Finally: "Primer Estado París no le ha venidp ni uno,como te lo cuento." The punchline here is that in the first state (Paris), no one has come. The humor is in the subversion of the expectation that kids come from Paris. The typo "venidp" instead of "venido" might be a mistake, but it's part of the delivery. So this is the punchline. Let me check each label again to make sure. The first line establishes context, the second is setup, third is escalation, fourth is misdirection or setup, and the last is the punchline. Wait, maybe the last line is a callback? Or subversion. Since it's subverting the initial belief. Maybe subversion. Let me see. The initial context

=== Prompt 44 ===
 Here is a joke: Cuando yo era pequeño, lo más negro que había... 

Porque cuando yo era pequeño no había negros, acuérdate, que había que pintar a uno para la cabalgata, si es verdad o no.

\nsi Ahora te descuidas que hay pintr a de dos blanco,¿eh?antes Pero no,antes no.

Gracias. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 45 ===
 Here is a joke: ¡Abrir la mente!
¡Soy muy fácil, soy muy fácil!
Yo estoy probando ejercicios de apertura mental constantemente.
Últimamente una cosa que me gusta hacer es colgar yo a mitad de mi frase.
¡De mi frase!
Digo,pues el día otro cuando...¡Cronk!cuelgo Y.
Y llamo a los 15 minutos todo preocupado diciendo ¿Pero cuánto tiempo llevo hablando solo? END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 46 ===
 Alright, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants each line labeled with its role in the joke structure. First, I need to understand the joke's flow. The speaker is talking about waiting three days but then people forget, and the situation doesn't work the same. Then there's a part about opening the mind as much as possible, even when you think you've opened enough, you need to open more. Then they mention everyone has limits, and the person says they open their mind but not to that extent. Finally, the speaker feels bad in those situations. 

The first line seems to set up the context—talking about waiting and people forgetting. That's establishing context. The next line about opening the mind is the setup for the joke. Then the lines about opening more and everyone's limits might be escalating the situation. The part where the person says they can't open their mind to that point is the subversion, as it contradicts the previous advice. The speaker feeling bad is the punchline, which is the emotional payoff. The repetition of "abrir la mente" is a repetition device. The wrap-up is the final line where the speaker feels bad. Let me check each line again to assign the correct labels.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context","setup","escalation","subversion","callback","meta-humor","punchline","repetition","wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 47 ===
 Here is a joke: Digo, ¿soy yo que no estoy abriendo la mente suficiente o qué? Y me lo planteo, ¿no? Y tengo ahí un dilema interno. Os cuento un ejemplo. Yo vivo en Madrid y en las afueras de Madrid, en la carretera de Valencia, hay un centro comercial que se llama La Gavia. No sé si lo conocéis, pero bueno, se llama La Gavia... ...que mucha gente no lo sabe, pero La Gavia forma parte de un complejo de centros comerciales franceses, que son los siete centros comerciales capitales... ...que canhción La Gavia,La Higa,La Pegueza,La Siberbi,El Rencor,La y Lujuria El Malgoyo. Esto es una tontería, si yo lo sé, si yo lo sé, si yo sé que es una tontería. Pero lo que me hace gracia de esto es saber que no vais a ser capaces de volver nunca más a la gavia... ...Sin que os venga a la cabeza la higa, la pegueza, el osoberbia... Es verdad, es que esto es un implante psicológico que funciona así. Alguien os dirá un día, fui el otro día a la gavia. Y vais a pensar por dentro. No vais a poder evitarlo. No vais a poder evitarlo. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 48 ===
 Here is a joke: Bueno, pues estaba yo paseando por la gavia, tranquilamente.
Y de repente me encuentro en uno de los pasillos unas chinas con unos acuarios con pececillos ahí en medio...
...y la peña pagando por meter los pies un rato ahí para que los pececitos les coman los pellejitos y las cosas y tal...
...y luego sale, se seca y viene otra persona y mete ahí en el mismo sitio los peces...
...y yo me quedo mirando eso y digo ¿soy yo el tiquismiquis? ¿o esto es una guarrería?
...porque ya no te digo, o sea peces aparte, meter los pies en un recipiente con agua que no sabes cada cuánto cambian el agua...
...ni cada cuántos pies, ni dónde han estado esos pies.
Me crea muchas incertidumbres higiénicas, ya, de entrada eso.
Pero encima, ver como los mismos peces que le acaban de comer la cutícula a aquellas señoras... me están ahora comiendo a mí, me violenta mogollón.
En serio, yo creo que comer la cutícula es algo muy personal.
Yo no me gusta que los mismos peces estén...
Me arece un tío prostitución de melón que no quiero apoyar.
¿Soy yo el tiquismiquis? Pues no lo sé... END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 49 ===
 Here is a joke: Hay veces es más violento cuando es en una situación íntima...
...la primera noche que me acuesto con ella... y de repente en medio de todo el fulgor me saca de la nada un bote de lubricante y está por la mitad.
Digo, ¿soy yo el tiquismiquis? O esto, no sé, es una falta...
Yo no estar quiero la toda noche en pebsamdo qué ha gastado el restante dwl lata,¿sabes?
Yo quiero estar centrado en lo mío, ¿no?
mejor A yo soy el tiquismiquis,yo pero quiero el ver precunto.
En estos casos, yo quiero ver el precinto.
¡Muchas gracias! END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 50 ===
 Here is a joke: La siguiente canción es sobre un perro, ¿entendido?\nYo tengo un perro que es un cabrón, porque no viene, porque está muerto.\nNo he superado la muerte del perro, dicen que estoy mal, porque cada tarde bajo al parque a pasear a una maleta con ruedasas con el cadáver del perro.\nNo puedo conciliar el sueño.\nNo quiero comer solo como perritos cuando pienso en él.\nPorque el perrit el es mejor amigo del hambre.\nnunca Porque vienes,antes venías tampoco,tenía perro un pero murió,dice a autopsia no que sufrió prque era d peluche. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 51 ===
 Here is a joke: Tienes que sentar cabeza y antes de tener niños, evidentemente, lo que tienes que hacer es casarse, ¿no?\nTe tienes que casar.\nPero claro, vamos a ver, si lo de casarse está bien, pero hay determinadas cosas que son mentiras.\nYo tenía amigos que te decían, oye, cuando te cases, vas a estar todos los días ahí, dale que te pego todas las noches, pum, pum, ta, ta.\nQue yo estaba contento y confiado, que yo el día de mi boda dije, oye, mira, a partir de mañana, no, me la pelo más.\nTampoco menos,vamos no organismo a rasdicales,ue a yo lo mío,lop que pueda,¿eh?\nSí, ahí a lo mío.\nPero... ¿Qué dices? ¡Qué bonito! El amor, el amor de la pareja en el matrimonio, la confianza ya y la rutina. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 52 ===
 Here is a joke: De eso nadie te habla.
Porque eso luego aburre.
Todas las noches lo mismo.
Todas las noches lo mismo, un aburrimiento, claro.
Yo ya no tengo imaginación para tantas cosas.
Que mí a ha me llegado a que pasar hciendoi amor el con mi mujer me imaginaba que la me estaba pelando.
Y digo, aquí hay algo que falla. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 53 ===
 To classify the lines of the joke, we need to analyze the narrative flow and the function each line plays in the overall structure of the joke. Here's a breakdown:

1. **"Empezamos a tener un problema, pero ah, claro, como ahora mi mujer es ahora moderna y empieza a leer esos libros de literatura erótica que molan tanto..."**  
   - This line introduces the context of the joke: a man is talking about his wife reading erotic literature, which is the setup for the humor.  
   - **Label: setup**

2. **"...que yo no sé nada esto de yo porque soy un alma cándida..."**  
   - This line adds to the setup by explaining the speaker's lack of knowledge or experience in this area, reinforcing the contrast between the wife and the speaker.  
   - **Label: setup**

3. **"yo la del postura prit pensaba que era igual pero ladrando,"**  
   - This line introduces a specific misunderstanding or confusion, escalating the situation by showing how the speaker misinterprets what the wife is reading.  
   - **Label: escalation**

4. **"digoi, qué mira divertido."**  
   - This line delivers the punchline by showing the speaker's reaction to the content, which is the humorous resolution of the misunderstanding.  
   - **Label: punchline**

5. **"END OF JOKE."**  
   - This is a meta-commentary, signaling the end of the joke. It is not part of the joke itself but rather a framing device.  
   - **Label: non-line**

### Final Classification:
{"ANSWER":["setup", "setup", "escalation", "punchline", "non-line"]}

=== Prompt 54 ===
 Here is a joke: O sea, yo, no, o sea, yo, no, de verdad te lo digo en serio, pero mi mujer, claro, leyendo pues a mí como que me deja un poco impactado con el asunto.
Porque claro, ahora resulta que lo quiero hacer pero todas las noches, pero con un frenesí y una locura, jolín, que es que a mí me tiene seco.
O sea, yo por las noches me hago el dormido.
O sea, es una locura.
yo Que veo llegar mi a mujer illa la,se me para mete adentro digo y,déjame un ligeramente,que necesito espacio.
¿Eh? No, no, es que ahora antes de hacerlo hay que jugar. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 55 ===
 

Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the joke and its structure. The joke is in Spanish, so I might need to translate parts of it to get the meaning. Let me go through each line one by one.

The first line is "Y digo, ¿hay que jugar? ¿A jugar a qué? ¿Tú has visto cómo estoy?" This seems like the setup, introducing the idea of playing a game. The person is asking if they need to play and what game to play, maybe setting up a scenario.

Next, "Coge el micro y jugamos a tú si que vale." Here, someone is taking a microphone and suggesting a game called "tú si que vale," which might be a play on words. This could be part of the setup or escalation, introducing the game.

"¿Yo qué quieres que te diga?" The speaker is responding, maybe confused or asking what the other person wants them to say. This might be a misdirection or part of the setup.

"Pues no se refiere a eso, efectivamente." Clarifying that it's not about that. This could be establishing context or a redirection.

"Prácticas sexuales nuevas, como por ejemplo lo de la hormiga caliente." Introducing a new topic about new sexual practices, specifically the "hot ant." This seems like an escalation, introducing a surprising element.

"Hay una práctica sexual que se llama la hormiga caliente, que ha llegado un iluminado que ha dicho, pues esto es coger unos bichitos y te los pones en los genitales..." Explaining the "hot ant" practice. This is establishing context for the joke.

"Digo, ¿y eso es la hormiga caliente?" The speaker is questioning if that's what the hot ant is. This could be a setup for the punchline.

"O sea,eso ea lo que se demanda ha tuerca pueblo mi todavía pubis pediculosis." Maybe a play on words or a non-sequitur. Could be meta-humor or a non-line.

"Y digo, ¿me vas a amigantar?" Asking if the other person is going to "amigantar," which might be a misspelling or a wordplay. This could be a misdirection.

"¡No! ¿Qué, qué? ¿Eh?" Denial and confusion. This might be timing or part of the escalation.



=== Prompt 56 ===
 Here is a joke: Ay, amigos, me vais a disculpar que esté un poquitito faltón, ¿vale?\nEs que llevo sin follar tres horas.\nbuen,eso son wier meses tuerca laqrgo tirmpo de heterosexual. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 57 ===
 Think carefully. Let's go through the joke step by step.

The joke is in Spanish, and here's a rough translation to understand the context:

"Sí, amigos, por si no os habíais dado cuenta todavía, pues he venido a darle el toque fucsia a la noche."  
"Yes, friends, just in case you hadn't noticed yet, I've come to give the night a fuchsia touch."

"Rosa oscuro para los hombres heterosexuales."  
"Dark pink for heterosexual men."

"Magenta para el informático."  
"Magenta for the computer scientist."

"Sí, soy gay."  
"Yes, I'm gay."

"¿Escucháis?"  
"Can you hear it?"

"El Es sonido que hacen 65 relajándose vaginas a la vez."  
"It's the sound that 65 vaginas make relaxing at the same time."

Now let's classify each line based on its role in the joke:

1. **Sí, amigos, por si no os habíais dado cuenta todavía, pues he venido a darle el toque fucsia a la noche.**  
   - This line sets up the context of the joke, introducing the idea of adding a fuchsia (pink) touch to the night.  
   - **Label: establishing context**

2. **Rosa oscuro para los hombres heterosexuales.**  
   - This line continues to establish the context by specifying the color for a particular group.  
   - **Label: establishing context**

3. **Magenta para el informático.**  
   - This line continues to establish the context by specifying the color for another group.  
   - **Label: establishing context**

4. **Sí, soy gay.**  
   - This line introduces a twist or escalation in the joke, as it reveals the speaker's identity and potentially sets up for a punchline.  
   - **Label: escalation**

5. **¿Escucháis?**  
   - This line is a question that sets up for the punchline by prompting the audience to listen.  
   - **Label: setup**

6. **El Es sonido que hacen 65 relajándose vaginas a la vez.**  
   - This is the punchline of the joke, as it delivers the unexpected and humorous twist.  
   - **Label: punchline**

So the final classification is:

{"ANSWER":["establishing context",

=== Prompt 58 ===
 OF. INSTRUCTIONS. 

{"ANSWER":["setup", "punchline", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 59 ===
 

Okay, let's tackle this joke analysis. The user wants each line of the joke classified with a specific role label. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke. The joke is in Spanish, so I'll have to parse it line by line.

Starting with the first line: "Sí, porque por lo que me cuentan mis amigas heterosexuales, la vagina debe ser como la típica sindicalista encabronada, valga la redundancia..." The speaker is setting up a comparison between a vagina and a unionist. That seems like establishing context. 

Next line: "...que después de una noche de conversaciones insufribles, cuando le llega su momento de lucirse en la intimidad, acaba su vida en un palco viendo entrar y salir ese minifuet." This continues the metaphor, describing the situation. Maybe escalation here, as it builds on the context.

Then: "En plan de, hola, ¿qué tal?" This is a dialogue line, perhaps setup for a punchline. 

"Sí, Javi, ¿qué grande es esto, esto, esto?" Another dialogue line, maybe setup or escalation. 

"Y la otra como, bueno, cuestión de perspectiva, ¿no?" This seems like a response, possibly misdirection or escalation. 

"¿Qué haces?" Setup for the next line. 

"Nada,buscando el clítoris." This is a punchline because it's a humorous twist in the dialogue. 

"Ni te molestes." Could be a callback or subversion, dismissing the previous action. 

"¿Me estoy mareando?" Maybe timing or misdirection. 

"Disculpa" is a non-line, just a filler. 

"Tranquilo,si me no pisado has ni o he mojado" This seems like a punchline with wordplay. 

"Gracias. END OF JOKE." Wrap-up.

Now, assigning labels step by step. Let me check each line again to make sure. The first line sets up the metaphor (establishing context). The second line adds more to the scenario (escalation). The dialogue lines build up (setup, escalation). The line about searching for the clitoris is the punchline. The dismissal is a subversion. The confusion and apology might be timing or non-line. The last line wraps it up. I might need to adjust some labels based on typical joke structures

=== Prompt 60 ===
 Here is a joke: Otra cosa por la que vengo a quejarme, las tablets, ¿vale? Los controlados que nos tienen para vendernos todo. Hace poco, os pongo un ejemplo, hace poco me pongo en el iPad a buscar un viaje a Egipto. Algún día quiero ir, todos queremos ir algún día a un viaje a Egipto, ¿no? Y quiero saber cuánto vale, no tengo ni idea. Me pongo a mirar los precios para saber lo que tengo que ahorrar. Total, miro los precios, digo, vale, ya está. Ya sé lo que tengo que ahorrar para irme a Egipto. Venga, me olvido. No te olvides, ¿eh? A partir de ese momento, cada vez que navegues en cualquier página web en esa tablet, casualmente en todos los anuncios de la web pone oferta a Jito, oferta a Jito, oferta a Jito, oferta a Jito. Te falta un colega al lado, ¿te vas a Jito o no te vas a Jito? No, no te vas a Jito, te hago una oferta, te vas a Jito, vete a Jito muchacho, vete a Jito, vete a Jito muchacho. Total,que mes al siguiente estás en e del núclei Cairo dickendo¿qué hago coño aquí tío? END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 61 ===
 Here is a joke: Es que, para colmo, comparto la tablet con mi mujer, buscamos las dos cosas para comprarnos cosas, o sea,\nhace yo poco,no sé lop cómo hice,pero acabé vacaciones de en cuenca con fluvial tabla una de y surf unos con zapatos de buenísimos tacón,¿sabes?\nEs acojonante, tío.\nPero bueno, me estoy dando cuenta con esto de la crisis que no me voy a poder ir a Egipto en avión. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 62 ===
 Here is a joke: Me voy a tener que ir en BlaBlaCar.\n¿Sabéis lo que es BlaBlaCar?\nPara el que no lo sepa, consiste en viajar en tu coche con alguien que no conoces absolutamente de nada.\nPara un montar jempl práctico más,es,por ejemplo,si,que imaginaos Enrique Iglesias día un en viajara su coche con antepasado su,¿no?\nEn fin. Este también me gusta mucho. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 63 ===
 Let's analyze this joke step by step:

1. **Bueno, pues, ¿no viajas? Yo viajo mucho con esto de los monólogos y claro, a veces viene gente conmigo, mola más ir acompañado.**
   - This line sets up the premise of the joke, establishing the speaker's frequent travel and the fact that people often join them.
   - **Label**: establishing context

2. **Viaja contigo gente de todas las edades.**
   - This line builds on the previous context, providing more detail about the types of people who travel with the speaker.
   - **Label**: escalation

3. **Hace viajó ligeramente conmigo una mujer wmpático Estado Primer 70 muco que tiemo no sé lo cómo pero hizo acab ese convenciéndome viaje Erstado Diamante me que comprara una Delaware máquina coser.**
   - This line introduces a specific anecdote about a woman who convinced the speaker to buy a sewing machine.
   - **Label**: setup

4. **Y me hice acordarme de esa máquina de coser que todavía está en casa de mi abuela, ¿vale? esa máquina de coser, marca Singer, Alfa, Sigma.**
   - This line connects the previous anecdote to a memory the speaker has about a similar sewing machine at their grandmother's house.
   - **Label**: callback

5. **¿Sabéis cuándo os lo digo?**
   - This line is the punchline of the joke, where the speaker reveals the humorous realization that the specific brand names mentioned in the anecdote are actually the names of different sewing machine brands.
   - **Label**: punchline

So, the final answer is:
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "escalation", "setup", "callback", "punchline"]}


=== Prompt 64 ===
 OF. INSTRUCTIONS.
Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the joke in Spanish. Let me translate it line by line.

1. "Yo de pequeño lo veía en casa de mi abuela, no sabía lo que era." - This is the speaker talking about their childhood, seeing something at their grandmother's house and not knowing what it was. So this is probably establishing context.

2. "Yo me dedicaba a coger el pedal ese que tenía y empezaba ahí, taca, taca..." - The speaker starts interacting with the pedal, making sounds. This seems like the setup, introducing the action.

3. "Que a media hora había no cosido nada pero me había hecho una paja tuerca el que gemelo había e como quedado de el Roberto Carlos." - This line is a bit confusing, but it seems like there's a shift here. The speaker mentions not doing anything but having a "paja tuerca" (maybe a typo, perhaps "paja" as in "ejercicio" or "workout"? Or maybe a slang term?) and the twin of Roberto Carlos (a famous singer). This might be the punchline or a callback, but it's unclear. The mention of Roberto Carlos's twin could be a twist.

4. "Gracias por ver el video." - This is a closing line, thanking the viewer. So it's a wrap-up.

Now, considering the structure: The first line sets the context. The second line is the setup of the action. The third line introduces a twist or the punchline, possibly a callback to the earlier mention of the pedal (maybe a reference to a music video or song by Roberto Carlos). The last line is the wrap-up.

But the third line is a bit confusing. The phrase "me había hecho una paja tuerca" might be a play on words. "Paja" can mean "ejercicio" (exercise) or "masturbation," but given the context of using a pedal and making sounds, maybe it's a humorous twist. If Roberto Carlos is known for a song or a twin, that could be a callback. The line might be a punchline that subverts expectations, leading to a humorous conclusion. Alternatively, it could be a misdirection or a meta-humor element if it's referencing the act of pretending to do something.

Let me think again. The setup is the kid playing

=== Prompt 65 ===
 Please reason step by step, and put your final answer within {"ANSWER": [...]}.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand each line's role. The joke is in Spanish, but I'll work through it step by step.

The first line: "Porque a mi madre le llevara lo que llevara, siempre me decía lo mismo" sets up the context about the mother always saying the same thing. That's probably establishing context.

Next lines: "Otra cosa más pa' limpiar" and "También, os lo hacía" seem to be the setup, introducing the recurring phrase from the mother.

"Mira mamá, te quiero mucho, pero que hija puta, eh" adds some escalation, showing frustration with the mother's obsession.

"Un mes rascando un espejo por detrás, otra cosa más pa' limpiar" continues the escalation, giving another example of cleaning.

"Mi madre además, obsesionada con la limpieza" reinforces the context, establishing the mother's obsession.

The part about the tapestry in school, "petit pois," and the mother's reaction is setup and escalation, showing another instance of the mother's behavior.

Then, "Bueno, que yo empecé a hacer un pasto en alemán..." seems like misdirection or a non-sequitur, but maybe it's leading to a punchline. However, the mention of "gremlin" might be a non-line or misdirection.

The line "Dikgo,límpialo pues en porque seco comop mojes la la liamos,mamá,¿sabes?" is probably a non-line or misdirection due to the garbled words, maybe a humorous mistake.

"Mira, de verdad, ¿eh?" is a meta-humor element, addressing the listener directly.

The part about returning the Quijote with a stain and the mother removing the stain is setup and escalation. The line "Esto es para darme una hostia con la mano abierta, pero lo cuento porque me sale de la polla." is the punchline, as it delivers the humorous twist and the speaker's frustration.

The final line "END OF JOKE" is just a marker, so not part of the classification.

Now, assigning labels step by step, making sure each line is categorized correctly. Some lines might be repetition if the same phrases come up multiple times. The

=== Prompt 66 ===
 Here is a joke: Pues como te lo cuento, con 11 años hacía tapices, mi madre, otra cosa más para limpiar.
Con 12 años hacía portalápices, mi madre, otra cosa más para limpiar.
Con 13 tiempo largoi me pajqs hacía.
Me pillo un día mi madre cascándomela en la cama y me dice que están las sábanas pegadas, ¿qué es esto?
Digo,pues regao tu del día a la hermana.
Porque ¡Hombre! END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 67 ===
 Here is a joke: Yo vengo de esta mierda, ¿vale?\nLo que pasa es que, bueno, he tenido suerte en otras cosas.\nMi novia me ha ayudado a salirme de esto un poco.\nElla es un gran apoyo.\nTiene un problemilla, que es un poco ñoñas, ¿vale?\nA ella le encanta que la llame Princesa Luna.\nYa sé, es muy ñoñas, ya lo sé.\nque Lo no sabe es ella que ese se WhatsApp lo mandé sstwdo Diamante para maruasa recordar el cruce calles de donde había el aparcado coch.\nElla piensa que es un apelativo cariñoso espontáneo.\nNo, y ahí no me atrevo a decírselo.\nSi lo compras, lo verás. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 68 ===
 Here is a joke: Bien, ella está muy preocupada ahora porque tiene una amiga que lo acaba de dejar con el novio, siete años después, porque acaba de descubrir que el novio es gay.\nY lo ha descubierto de la siguiente manera.\nElla fue al lavabo, después de él, él acababa de cagar, y ahí encontró un zurullo de mierda, con forma de pene y testículos, perfectamente formado.\nLe entraba todo,por lo vistp.\nPor favor, si vais a prestar atención en algún momento del monólogo, que sea aquí porque hay un poquito de ciencia, ¿vale?\nGracias.\nPor lo visto, le habían dado tanto por culo a este señor que su cavidad anal acabó adoptando forma de pene y testículos...\n...y ue desde esto formó se,cada que vez iba a s cagar hacía intestino veces las Estado Diamante manga pastelera con rellenado molde Estado Diamante a polluelo bombón que¡plaf!impoluto aía tuerca agua el.\n¡Plaf! Ahí, ¿no? END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 69 ===
 The input is in Spanish, but your classification is language-agnostic. The joke is: Que salió ella, ¡esto qué es!\nNo, esto, salpicándose y todo.\n¡Esto qué es!\nLa pasión,¿no?\nGracias. END OF JOKE.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the joke in Spanish. Let me translate it line by line to get the context.

The first line is "Que salió ella, ¡esto qué es!" which translates to "She came out, what is this?" The speaker is surprised by something that happened when she appeared.

The second line: "No, esto, salpicándose y todo." which is "No, this, splashing and everything." So there's some action here, maybe water or a mess happening.

Third line: "¡Esto qué es!" Again, "What is this?" showing continued confusion or surprise.

Fourth line: "La pasión, ¿no?" "Passion, right?" This seems like the answer to the previous question, using "passion" as a humorous explanation for the splashing.

Fifth line: "Gracias." "Thanks." This might be the closing line, possibly a meta-humor or wrap-up.

Now, assigning labels. Let's go step by step.

Line 1: "Que salió ella, ¡esto qué es!" – This is setting up the context. The speaker is introducing a situation where someone (ella) comes out, leading to a reaction. So "establishing context".

Line 2: "No, esto, salpicándose y todo." – The speaker is correcting or clarifying the situation, adding more details (splashing). This could be part of the setup or escalation. Since it's adding more info to build up, maybe "escalation".

Line 3: "¡Esto qué es!" – Repeating the question, increasing the tension or confusion. This might be "escalation" as it's building up to the punchline.

Line 4: "La pasión, ¿no?" – Here's the punchline. The unexpected answer using "passion" as a reason for the splashing, which is a humorous twist. So "punchline".

Line 5: "Gracias." – This is a closing statement, possibly a meta-humor element or wrap-up. Since it's a thank you after the punchline, it's likely "wrap

=== Prompt 70 ===
 Here is a joke: Los amantes de la naturaleza.
¿Conocéis alguno?
¿Tenéis alguno cercano?
Son estos amantes de la naturaleza, los habréis oído, que porque sí, quieren que todo el mundo cuidemos la naturaleza.
Todo el mundo, sin distinción.
Todo el mundo tiene que cuidar la naturaleza, tiene que portarse bien con ella.
A mí es lo más injusto que he oído jamás.
Porque ahora mimo,a hacer la prueba,si un echáis vistazo a vuestro alrededr,por lo vais menos a a considerar dos con pueblo que las naturaleza la se no portado ha nada bien.
yo no quiero señalar a nadie ¿sabéis por qué pasa esto?
estamos emocionados los amantes de la naturaleza son los mismos que los amantes de los animales estos amantes de los animales que a mí me vuelven loco END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 71 ===
 Here is a joke: estos amantes de los animales que en vez de adoptar un perro de los miles que tenemos abandonados en las protectoras se gastan 600 euros en una tienda por lucir una mascota igual que lucen un bolso o unos pendientes
Me parece que hay que ser muy gilipollas para hacer eso.
El otro día me encontré con uno de los amantes de los animales en Sevilla, estuve actuando en agosto allí.
Me encontré un amante de los animales paseando un husky.
En Sevilla.
40 grados a la sombra.
Paseando un husky.
Al husky le sudaban los ojos.
Al husky lo tenía que sacar a pasear en chanclas.
El tenía husaky cara una evidenhciar como,¿quién fuera toro en tordesillas?
Ese husky estaba muy jodido.
Muy jodido.
Me parece que todos estamos de acuerdo en que hay que ser muy gilipollas para gastarse dinero en algo que puedes conseguir gratis.
Eso es como si un tronista Delaware mujeres,hombres y viceversa se gastara dinero Primer yénise Estado putas.
¿Y esto pasa por qué? END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 72 ===
 OF. PROMPT. Please reason step by step, and put your final answer within \boxed{}.

Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. The user provided a multi-line joke in Spanish and wants each line labeled with one of the specified categories. First, I need to understand the joke's structure and flow.

Starting with the first line: "Porque con dinero, ahora a muchos les ha entrado lo que yo llamo el complejo de Tarzán." This seems like the setup, introducing the idea of people having a Tarzan complex when they have money. So maybe "setup".

Next line: "No, pues yo tengo una iguana, una tarántula y una boa constrictor." The speaker is contrasting their own pets with others, which might be establishing context or adding to the setup. Maybe "establishing context".

Then: "Yo de verdad os juro que aprobaría una ley para que todos pudiéramos tener la mascota solo la mascota que pudiéramos cazar con nuestras propias manos." This is a proposal, perhaps escalation, as it's taking the idea further. Maybe "escalation".

The line after: "A ver cuántos había con Boas Constrictor" is a question that's leading to a punchline, maybe a setup for a punchline. Possibly "setup" again.

Next line: "varón,había mucha gente por la calle paseando caracoles,eso s" – this seems to be the punchline, as it's the unexpected result of the previous line (people walking snails). So "punchline".

Then: "Pero anda que vamos a ver a poligoneros paseando pitbull, ¿eh?" This is a contrast or a redirection, maybe "redirection".

Next: "Sí, sí, sí Bueno, los veríamos, pero de otra manera" – this is a response that subverts expectations, maybe "subversion".

The line: "tuerca trazadop,Killewr,Killer,vete a el por palo a Vete por el...Ya,ya,aún voy o,voy ya yo,ya yo oy voy ya yo a la Estado puta Diamante La Habana y mo se le haber podía antojado un hást." – this seems like random or non-sequitur, maybe "non-line".

Next: "Putos am

=== Prompt 73 ===
 OF. JOKE. Here is a joke: Que, bueno, después de la pandemia, ¡bep! ¡Guerra!
Vaya generación buena, ¿eh? ¡Millenials!
Han pasado muchas cosas malas este año, pero ya cuando pensábamos que no podía ir nada a peor, ¡bep! La sexta temporada de Élite.
Que no levantamos cabeza, Dios mío, por favor, ¡para ya!
hay gente el otro día salió como que a Paco León no le gusta él y que tuvo que pedir disculpas tal...
a Élite mí no parece me mala serie cimo depende sr vea,es wi la conb tele es apagada buena¿no?
¿qué es? ¿alguien no la ha visto? ¿Alguien ha visto Elite? END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 74 ===
 Pues sí. ¿La utilizas para dormir? Muy bien, guay. Tío, es que hay muchas cosas que preguntarte aquí. Claro, porque para dormir, una serie en la que el 90% de la gente sale en pelotas... ¡Venga a dormir! Clao,es que...la tuercs vida,he me tanto producido una para pajearse. To analyze this joke effectively, I'll break it down line by line and assign the appropriate labels based on the role each line plays in the structure of the joke. Here's the breakdown: 1. **"Pues sí. ¿La utilizas para dormir? Muy bien, guay."** - This line introduces the initial context of the conversation. It sets up the premise that the speaker is using something (likely a TV show or media) to help them sleep. This is the **establishing context**. 2. **"Tío, es que hay muchas cosas que preguntarte aquí."** - This line is a response to the previous line, indicating that there are many questions to ask about the situation. It's a **setup** for the upcoming points of discussion or humor. 3. **"Claro, porque para dormir, una serie en la que el 90% de la gente sale en pelotas... ¡Venga a dormir!"** - This line escalates the humor by pointing out the absurdity of using a show with a lot of nudity to help sleep. It adds a layer of irony, which is an **escalation** of the joke. 4. **"Clao,es que...la tuercs vida,he me tanto producido una para pajearse."** - This line introduces a surprising twist by revealing that the speaker is using the show for a completely different purpose (masturbation), which subverts the previous assumption. This is the **punchline** of the joke. Given this analysis, the labels for each line are: 1. Establishing context 2. Setup 3. Escalation 4. Punchline So the final answer is: {"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "punchline"]} Pues sí. ¿La utilizas para dormir? Muy bien, guay.\nTío, es que hay muchas cosas que preguntarte aquí.\nClaro, porque para dormir, una

=== Prompt 75 ===
 Here is a joke: Yo como mucho, pijama, dos piezas, franela, primar, 14,99, que te dura una temporada, pero la segunda te hace ya bolilla.
Encaro el pasillo, pum, pum, pum, voy a la cocina, saco la Nutella, pa, cierro el mueble, me voy al salón, pra, pra, pra, dejo la Nutella, chac, chac, chac.
Porque cada una se corre con lo que le dan la gana.
pongo la tele m pum pum teleksión 5 woman pretty me vale el saco y satisfier en ese agujero tienen que todos pantalones los franela de no me quito ni erl puto pantalón perfectamente encaro el aluminio agujerro chochamen el cojo sqtisfier y como mucho,al hago final...No hago más. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 76 ===
 OF. PROMPT.
Okay, let's see. I need to classify each line of this joke into one of the given categories. The joke is in Spanish, so I'll have to read through it carefully.

The first line: "Sí que es verdad que ahora estamos en un momento en el que estamos como la revolución sexual femenina y las mujeres se masturban se masturban." This seems like setting up the context. It's introducing the topic of the sexual revolution and women masturbating. So maybe "establishing context".

Next line: "Bueno, las mujeres nos hemos masturbado de siempre." This is a setup, maybe the premise. It's stating that women have been masturbating all along, which leads into the example of Cleopatra. So "setup".

Third line: "Cleopatra, por ejemplo." Introducing an example, which is a setup for the next part. So "setup".

Fourth line: "Cleopatra se masturbaba mogollón." This is elaborating on the example, so maybe "escalation" because it's adding more to the story. Or maybe "setup" because it's part of the premise before the punchline.

Fifth line: "¿Sabéis lo hacía que Cleoptra?tenía Cleopatra unos cilindros Primer Estado cuero,llenaba los Primer abejas Estado,cuando y empezaban gruñr a,para adentro." This part is a bit confusing. It seems like a humorous description of Cleopatra's method involving cylinders and bees. This is probably the setup leading to the punchline. Maybe "misdirection" because it's a strange detail that's unexpected.

Sixth line: "Cleopatra, gran líder, mejor apicultora." This is the punchline, combining her being a great leader and the best beekeeper. It's the humorous twist. So "punchline".

Wait, but the last line is "END OF JOKE." So the actual joke ends with the beekeeper line. Let me check again. The user provided the lines up to "mejor apicultora. END OF JOKE. Classify each..." So the last line before the classification is the beekeeper part.

So the labels would be:

1. establishing context
2. setup
3. setup
4. escalation
5. misdirection
6. punchline

But let me make sure. The first line introduces the current situation, the

=== Prompt 77 ===
 

Here is a joke: Cuando quería que le hicieran un culilingüe decía, Oye, nene, ¿quiere beber de la miel del éxito?
A ver,ue pongo le esta porque opinión,bken,Cleopatra época la faraona,¿no? END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 78 ===
 ```json
Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke and what each part is doing. The joke is in Spanish, so I'll need to parse it carefully.

Starting with the first line: "Hay mucha gente que no se tatúa porque le dan miedo las agujas." This sets up a context about people being afraid of needles, which is common. So maybe this is establishing context.

Next line: "Lo sabéis, hay gente que le dan miedo las agujas." This seems to reinforce the previous point, maybe repetition or establishing context again. But since it's restating, maybe it's repetition.

Then the speaker says, "Y yo, tíos, dejad de mentir porque he descubierto por fin cuál es el mayor temor de un hombre." Here, the speaker is claiming to have discovered the real fear, which is a setup for the punchline. So this might be setup.

The next line: "Lo vamos a descubrir hoy aquí todos porque lo tenemos metido en el cerebro pero nunca nos lo han dicho." This is building up the anticipation, so maybe escalation.

Then, "Me di cuenta yo el otro día." This is the speaker explaining when they realized it, which could be part of the setup or maybe timing.

The following lines list what the fears are not: "No es el miedo a quedarnos calvos ni a que se joda la play. No es ni siquiera el miedo a morir sin hacer un trío." These are examples of what the fear isn't, which is a form of misdirection, leading up to the real punchline.

Then the big reveal: "El temor mayor que un tiene hombre,todos y los Delaware esta sals se van a cuenta hcer cuando se lo diga,es el miedo a que nos den por clo." This is the punchline, the actual fear being discussed. However, there's some possible typos here, like "por clo" which should be "por culo" (up the butt). The mention of Delaware might be a non-sequitur or a mistake, but the main point is the punchline.

The next line: "Ese es el mayor terror que tiene uno." This reinforces the punchline, so maybe a callback or wrap-up.

Then: "Un hombre puede estar en su lecho de muerte dici

=== Prompt 79 ===
 

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. The user wants each line labeled with one of the specified roles. Let me read through the joke again to understand the flow.

First line: "Ahí damos por buena nuestra vida." Translates to "There we consider our lives good." This seems like setting up the context. Maybe establishing context.

Second line: "Porque sabemos que si a un tío le dan por culo, ese es un viaje del que no hay billete de vuelta, ¿que no?" So, "Because we know if a guy gets hit in the ass, that's a one-way trip, right?" This is the setup, introducing the premise.

Third line: "Sabemos que si alguna vez pasa eso, no lo vas a poder apartar de tu vida jamás." "We know that if that ever happens, you can't get rid of it from your life ever." This is escalating the consequence, so escalation.

Fourth line: "Es un detalle que cuando hablen de ti por ahí sin estar tú delante, no lo van a pasar por alto." "It's a detail that when they talk about you around without you being there, they won't overlook it." This adds another layer, maybe escalation or misdirection? Not sure yet.

Fifth line: "Oye,el otro había día Javi,que Javy,que el ib con nosotros as la uni,este que toda llevqba la oreja de llena pendientes que al último se científico hizo y descuberto ha la conhtra vacuna el cáncer,hostia,pues no ah,coño,número atómico 13 que por dieron cuo..." This is a long, confusing sentence about a friend who went to university, became a scientist, discovered a cancer vaccine, but then mentions atomic number 13. It seems like a non-sequitur or misdirection, maybe a callback later? The mention of atomic number 13 (which is aluminum) might be a red herring.

Sixth line: "este es el verdadero miedo..." "This is the real fear..." This is the punchline, as it's the conclusion of the joke, pointing out the real fear is the previous confusion.

Wait, but the last line is the punchline. Let me check again. The joke builds up the fear of getting hit in the ass leading to a one-way trip, then introduces a friend's story that's

=== Prompt 80 ===
 Here is a joke: yo tengo mucho miedo a volar, a mí me da pánico coger un avión, muchísimo pánico.\n¿hay alguien aquí que le dé más miedo a volar?\n¿a ti que te da miedo?\n¿cómo te llamas?\nBruno, ¿a ti te da miedo volar?\npor ejemplo todavía no, ¿vas de durito porque has venido con la novia, Bruno?\nbueno, Bruno, supongamos que a ti te da el mismo miedo que a mí a volar, que le tengo pánico hasta cuando me meto en la página de internet para buscar precios.\nSi yo dijera te,Bruno,qus Delaware aquí hasta el día te que mueras,todos durante los días ir para a trabajar,antes tuvieras que coger vión un a Madrid y girar a Barcerlona,que o era eso,o que den te fondo por,Bruno,a que no aún te da gol miedo el avión,Bruno.\nTe acabo de agarrar una pasta en psicólogos. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 81 ===
 Think carefully.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. The user provided a joke in Spanish, and I need to classify each line by its role in the joke structure. The labels include things like setup, escalation, punchline, etc. 

First, I'll read through the joke to understand the flow. The joke starts with the speaker explaining how they became aware of a fear by watching the news. They mention a dangerous criminal being sent to jail. The key question is what a man thinks when he sees another man being jailed—whether the automatic thought is about the criminal's punishment (like how they'll be treated in jail) versus the more serious consequences like losing freedom and not rejoining society or raising children.

Breaking down each line:

1. "¿Sabéis cómo me di cuenta de este temor? Viendo las noticias." – This sets up the context by introducing the fear and the method of discovery (watching the news). So, establishing context.

2. "Seguro que a todos los tíos aquí lo han pensado." – This is a general statement about others thinking the same, which might be setup or part of the context.

3. "Vi cómo metían a un delincuente en la cárcel, un delincuente peligrosísimo." – Adds more context by describing the situation (a dangerous criminal being jailed). Establishing context.

4. "¿Y qué es lo que piensa un hombre cuando ve que a otro hombre le van a meter en la cárcel?" – This is the setup for the joke's question, leading into the punchline.

5. "¿Cómo le van a poner el culo?" – The first part of the punchline, which is a humorous, unexpected thought (focusing on physical punishment instead of serious consequences).

6. "¿Automáticamente el cerebro masculino pasa por alto?" – This is a follow-up question, possibly misdirection or leading into the next part.

7. "No, no." – Denial of the previous thought, indicating the next part is the real point.

8. "No,nuestro auomáticamener cerebro masculino por pasa alto que ese va varón perder a la libertad,se no vaw a volver a reinsertar la tuerc sociedad,va a dejar e ver crecer a hijos sus para pensar le cómo van poner a el culo." – This is a jumbled but key part where the speaker corrects the initial thought, suggesting the

=== Prompt 82 ===
 OF. PROBLEM. INST. Here is a joke: Yo creo que esto fue un último cartucho que se inventaron los jueces para intentar que los hombres no delinquiéramos.\nEn plan de, mira, la cadena perpetua no funciona, la pena de muerte tampoco, ¿y por qué no decimos que en la cárcel les dan por culo?\nNo, yo quiero creer, quiero creer, en mi cabeza quiero creer que es una leyenda urbana.\nO sea, ¿qué pensarán los presos que ya estén dentro cada vez que entre uno nuevo?\nNovato, dame un cigarro.\nSí,vale,de acuerdo,pero no me mucho hagas condiciones,no me hagas mucho cntusión.\n¿Pero qué coño le cuentan a esta gente en la calle?\nO sea, a mí no me gustan los culos, joder, no me gusta follarme culos.\nEs por el pene que llevo tatuaqdo aquí el en brazo,es eso por mi hijo,joer.\nAhora mismo,por ese rumor,miles hay presos de en follándose España a prwsosd otroa por presión social.\nGracias. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 83 ===
 

Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. The user wants me to label each line with one of the specified roles. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke.

The joke starts with the speaker introducing a friend with a problem. The friend is hypochondriac and believes his parents died from specific diseases. The setup is explaining the friend's condition. Then there's an escalation where the friend's beliefs about his parents' deaths are described in a humorous way, involving absurd scenarios with the military. The punchline comes when the friend now buys a bulletproof vest because he's developing a bald spot (alopecia), referencing his father's supposed death cause. The last line is the speaker encouraging the "bad guys" to come, which is a meta-humor or punchline.

Let me go line by line:

1. "Tengo un amigo, también es un gran apoyo para mí, tiene un problemita, no ve muy bien la realidad, ¿vale?" - Establishing context, introducing the friend and his issue.
2. "Que diréis, tú sí, ¿no, cabrón?" - Setup, addressing the audience.
3. "Con esto de los padres recíprocos, tú la ves de puta madre, ¿no?" - Setup, continuing the setup about parents.
4. "Pues él, él peor todavía." - Setup, contrasting the friend's situation.
5. "Él es muy hipocondríaco, él tiene miedo de fallecer de las enfermedades que cree que fallecieron sus padres." - Establishing context, explaining the hypochondria.
6. "Me explico." - Setup, leading into the explanation.
7. "Él cree que su madre falleció de Alzheimer, ¿vale?" - Setup, specific example.
8. "Por visto lo,babd una irrumpió armada tuewca su casaa el y Alzheimer que hiz olvidara las básicas nociones Departamento de Defensa de personal y lew acribillaron a balazos,awpovechando ewsto." - Subversion, absurd twist on Alzheimer causing death.
9. "Su padre, en cambio, él cree que falleció de alopecia." - Setup, another example.
10. "Ese miosop día había olvidado crecepelo el,número atómico 13 a olver

=== Prompt 84 ===
 OF. INSTRUCTIONS.
Okay, let's tackle this. The user provided a joke in Spanish and wants each line classified with a specific label from the given list. First, I need to understand the joke's structure. The joke is about Guillermo Zapata having to resign as a councilor due to an old tweet referencing a Jewish joke. The speaker is criticizing the left for being inconsistent by allowing him to keep another position.

Starting with the first line: "Yo creo que el punto de inflexión de la situación política actual se dio, no sé si se acuerdan del caso de Guillermo Zapata..." This sets up the context by introducing the main event and character. So, "establishing context".

Next lines mention Manuela Carmena and Ada Colau, which are part of the setup, providing background on the political scenario. So "setup".

The part where Guillermo had to resign because of the tweet is the setup leading to the punchline. Then, the explanation about the tweet content is part of the setup. The line about people not having "dos dedos de frente" is a meta-commentary, so "meta-humor".

The line about the left acting like Ned Flanders is a subversion, contrasting their usual image. The part where he's still in another position is the punchline, highlighting the inconsistency. The final lines are the wrap-up with gratitude.

Need to go through each line carefully and assign the labels accurately. Some lines might be repetition or redirection. Let me check each line step by step.
</think>

{"ANSWER":["establishing context","setup","setup","setup","setup","meta-humor","setup","escalation","subversion","callback","punchline","wrap-up","non-line"]}

=== Prompt 85 ===
 OF. JOKE.

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. The user provided a multi-line joke in Spanish and wants each line labeled with its role. First, I need to understand the joke's structure and humor.

The joke starts with "Estoy más gordo también, ya lo sé." which translates to "I'm also fatter, I know." This line is probably establishing context about the speaker's situation. Next line: "El negro no hace milagros, amigos." meaning "The black one doesn't do miracles, friends." This could be the setup, setting up the premise that the speaker isn't doing anything about their weight. 

Then, "Pero tampoco hago nada por arreglarlo, ¿sabes?" translates to "But I also don't do anything to fix it, you know?" This might be escalation, adding more to the problem. The next line: "No aluminio voy spa porque tengo dignidad." which is "I don't go to the spa because I have dignity." Wait, "aluminio" might be a typo for "nunca" (never)? If so, the line is a misdirection or meta-humor because the speaker is making an excuse about dignity, which is humorous. 

Next: "Y no hago deporte porque no me gusta." meaning "And I don't do sports because I don't like it." This could be the punchline, delivering the final reason, which is a straightforward excuse, reinforcing the humor through honesty. 

Now, assigning labels. The first line is establishing context. The second is setup. The third is escalation. The fourth line about the spa is a misdirection or meta-humor. The last line is the punchline. Wait, maybe the fourth line is a callback? Not sure. Alternatively, it might be a subversion because it's an unexpected excuse. Let me check again.

The joke is about not losing weight because the speaker doesn't do anything, with humorous excuses. The spa line is a funny excuse (not going to the spa because of dignity), which is a form of meta-humor or misdirection. The final line is another excuse, which could be the punchline. Let me adjust. Maybe the fourth line is a subversion, and the last line is the punchline. Let me go step by step.

1. "Estoy más gordo también, ya lo sé." – Establishing context.
2. "El negro no hace mil

=== Prompt 86 ===
 Here is a joke: Odio el deporte.\nSobre todo el deporte que más odio es el fútbol.\nOdio el fútbol, pero con toda mi alma.\nPorque el fútbol es como el deporte de tíos, el deporte viril.\nEl fútbol es el deporte de los machos.\nSi en el instituto no te gustaba el fútbol, dices, no le gusta el fútbol, vete ahí con las niñas.\nY yo hace tiempo vi un partido de fútbol, estaba en un bar, no fue algo buscado.\nEra una final de Champions entre el Madrid y el Atlético de Madrid.\nY Cristiano Ronaldo marcó un gol.\nY se quitó la camiseta.\nY tenía un cuerpo completamente musculado, todo fibroso, sudoroso, ¿sabes?\nY fue corriendo junto a la grada y empezó a hacer postulites.\nTodo el mundo se volvió loco gritando.\n¡Dios,esta es eaea la gay más he que visto tuerca mi vida! END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 87 ===
 OF. JOKE.

Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. The user provided a joke in Spanish, and I need to label each line with the appropriate role from the given list. Let me start by reading through the joke carefully.

The joke is:

O sea, pero no gay comparado a rollos irónicamente gays.
Gay comparado a porno duro gay, ¿vale?
en Si momento wse Cristiano Ronaldo toda recoge esa hoosexual energía del estadio les y grita¡ahora Y quiero todos que bajéis comermer a la polla! END OF JOKE.

First, I need to understand the joke. Since it's in Spanish, maybe some parts are tricky. Let me translate or at least parse the structure.

Line 1: "O sea, pero no gay comparado a rollos irónicamente gays." This seems like setting up a comparison, maybe establishing context or the setup.

Line 2: "Gay comparado a porno duro gay, ¿vale?" This could be an escalation of the comparison, making it more explicit.

Line 3: "en Si momento wse Cristiano Ronaldo toda recoge esa hoosexual energía del estadio les y grita¡ahora Y quiero todos que bajéis comermer a la polla!" This part seems like the punchline, using a famous person (Cristiano Ronaldo) in a humorous, absurd scenario. The mention of "hoosexual energía" is probably a play on words (maybe a misspelling of "homo" and "sexual"), and the command to "come to the cock" is the punchline. The END OF JOKE tag is part of the joke's structure, so maybe the line before is the punchline.

Now, considering the labels: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition.

Line 1: Establishing context or setup. It's introducing the comparison.

Line 2: Escalation, because it's taking the comparison further.

Line 3: Punchline, as it's the absurd scenario that delivers the humor.

The END OF JOKE is probably part of the structure but maybe not a line to label. Wait, the user says "each newline-separated line", so maybe the END OF JOKE is a separate line? Let me check the original input again.

Original input:

The joke is written as three lines,

=== Prompt 88 ===
 Here is a joke: Tendrían que hacerlo.
Habría un momento de duda, de plan ¿Qué ha dicho?
¿Qué? Tío, es la décima.
Bajarían los madridistas ahí mirando al suelo algunos, los más mayores contándose anécdotas.
Yo no me comí una polla la desde Primer Estado Stéfano Di el en 56. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 89 ===
 OF. REQUEST. Please put the final answer in the box. Here is a joke: Un pequeño tumulto abajo, ese tío ya ha pasado tres veces, déjalo esto marroncero.\nVale Yo sé que a mucha gente esto le hace más gracia Porque piensan que son del Barcelona Y piensan que me estoy metiendo con los del Madrid\nPero voy a hacer una cosa a favor de los del Madrid\nAl menos su ídolo está bueno\nLos del Barça se la comerían a Messi\nLo que les coloca un pequeño plitao encima por la Delaware perstia,¿aqcuereo de?\nGracias por ver el video. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 90 ===
 OF. JOKE. Here is a joke: Que por la mañana, por la mañana me dice mi mujer Bueno, ¿cuándo nos animamos a tener niños?\nDigo, joder, ya, es que ni Messi juega con esa presión, no me jodas\nDigo, tener hijos, eso es muy antiguo ya, eso ya no se lleva a tener hijos\nEso es muy antiguo, eso es como llamar de noche para gastar menos\nO como enseñar la casa, eso es muy antiguo\nPorque además, claro, digo, coño, ¿cuántos tienes?\nNo va a ser hijo único como yo, le dejas solo en el world.\n¿Cuántos tienes?\nYo creo que lo mejor es tener muchos, como Julio Iglesias.\nJulio Iglesias puede hijo ser hasta Estado Primer sí mismo,¿sabes l que tw digo?\nYo de momento he decidido que no los voy a tener. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 91 ===
 Here is a joke: ¿Por qué?
Porque hace muy poquito uno de mis mejores amigos ha tenido un niño, ha ido a verlo al hospital...
...entonces claro, su mujer, padre, se coge al niño, se lo pone aquí...
...que hacen esto, ¿cómo se llama lo que hacen?
El piel con piel, esto, ¿no?
se lo pone aquí, se le queda mirando al niño recién nacido, recién nacido con el cordón ahí recién cortado...
...y le dice te voy a querer tanto que ninguna mujer será suficiente para ti
coño pero por qué a vas condenar esa a criatura la misoginia
pero niña ese va wer a taxista por menos lo
por qué le haces esto por qué claro
Gracias por ver el video. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 92 ===
 Let's think step by step first.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. The user provided a Spanish joke with two lines and wants each line labeled with a specific role.

First, the joke is:
"Bueno, la siguiente canción va al principio, pero la hago ahora.
Cuestión de... END OF JOKE."

Breaking it down, the first line is "Bueno, la siguiente canción va al principio, pero la hago ahora." Translating that, it's something like "Well, the next song goes at the beginning, but I do it now." This seems like the setup, establishing the scenario. The speaker is talking about playing a song that should come first but they're doing it now, which might be setting up for a punchline.

The second line is "Cuestión de... END OF JOKE." Translating to "Matter of... END OF JOKE." This feels like the punchline because it's the abrupt ending that leaves the listener hanging. The humor might come from the unexpected cutoff, making the listener realize the joke is over, possibly a meta-humor element since it references the joke itself ending. But the main role here is the punchline as it's the concluding line that delivers the humor.

So the first line is the setup, the second is the punchline. Let me check if there's any other possible labels. The first line could be establishing context if it's setting the stage, but since it's introducing the scenario directly, setup is more accurate. The second line is definitely the punchline. The "END OF JOKE" part might also be a meta-humor element, but the primary role is punchline. So the labels would be setup and punchline.
</think>

{"ANSWER":["setup", "punchline"]}

=== Prompt 93 ===
 OF. JOKE. Here is a joke: Ya llegó, ahora empieza el show\nY empieza dentro de una hora en Canarias\nLa función que tiene esta canción\nEs no tirar los chistes que sobraban\nY así ganar, y así ganar más tiempo END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 94 ===
 Here is a joke: El pez martillo es un pez muy especial\nPorque es el único pez que puede alimentarse de nueces\nCuando estoy en casa y me quiero orientar\nMe popbgo peli una este dsl\nYa me veis\nYo soy más guasp tuerc que creatura en animal o movida END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 95 ===
 The joke is in Spanish. The user may have made a typo in "Y ue descubrí", which should be "Y allí descubrí". The joke is about the speaker having stage fright, then realizing they have a fear of heights after performing on a ground-level stage. The punchline is the twist that their fear was not of performing, but of heights.
Okay, let's break this down. The joke is in Spanish, and there's a typo in the third line. The user mentioned that "Y ue descubrí" should be "Y allí descubrí". The joke is about someone who thought they had stage fright but realized after performing on a ground-level stage that their real fear was heights.

First, the first line is "Y pensaba que tenía miedo escénico" which translates to "And I thought I had stage fright". This sets up the context that the speaker believed they had a fear of performing. So that's establishing context.

The second line is "Hasta que actué en un escenario a ras del suelo" meaning "Until I performed on a ground-level stage". This is the setup leading to the twist, so it's the setup.

The third line, after the typo correction, is "Y allí descubrí que lo tengo es vértigo" which translates to "And there I discovered that what I have is vertigo". This is the punchline because it reveals the twist that the fear was actually of heights, not performing. 

I need to check if there are any other elements like escalation or misdirection. The first line sets the context of stage fright, the second line sets up the scenario where the speaker tried a ground-level stage, and the third line subverts the expectation by revealing it's a fear of heights. So the third line is the punchline and also a subversion. Wait, but the labels are separate. The punchline is the final line, and the subversion is part of the twist. However, in joke structure, the punchline is the final line that delivers the twist. So maybe the third line is both subversion and punchline. But the instructions say to assign exactly one label per line. Since the punchline is the main label here, I'll go with punchline for the third line.

So the labels would be: establishing context for the first line, setup for the second, and punchline for the third.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "punchline

=== Prompt 96 ===
 Let's analyze the joke line by line to determine the role each line plays in the overall structure:

1. **"Aprendí a tocar la guitarra a distancia"**  
   - This line introduces the context of the joke, establishing that the speaker is learning to play the guitar in a specific way.  
   - **Label**: establishing context

2. **"Porque me dejé uñas las muy, muy larss"**  
   - This line explains the reason for the method of learning (long nails), providing a humorous twist.  
   - **Label**: escalation

3. **"Cuando está un re, hago mi, hago un la"**  
   - This line continues the guitar-related theme and adds to the narrative of playing the guitar.  
   - **Label**: setup

4. **"Y aquí falta un trozo, la, la, la, la"**  
   - This line introduces a humorous element by indicating a missing part, possibly a mistake or a joke about the guitar playing.  
   - **Label**: misdirection

5. **"¡Un, dos, tres, probando!"**  
   - This line is a repetition of counting, which is common in music practice and adds to the humor.  
   - **Label**: repetition

6. **"¡Un, dos, tres, probando!"**  
   - Repeats the previous line, emphasizing the action and adding comedic timing.  
   - **Label**: repetition

7. **"¡Sí, sé contar!"**  
   - This line serves as a punchline, as it's a humorous assertion that the speaker knows how to count, likely in a playful or ironic tone.  
   - **Label**: punchline

8. **"La duración que tiene esta canción es justo la que a mí me da la gana."**  
   - This line wraps up the joke by stating the length of the song is at the speaker's discretion, which is a humorous and self-referential statement.  
   - **Label**: wrap-up

9. **"¡Gracias!"**  
   - This is a closing statement, thanking the audience, which is a common way to end a performance or joke.  
   - **Label**: wrap-up

10. **"Gracias por ver el video."**  
    - This line is another closing statement, thanking the audience for watching the video, reinforcing the wrap-up.

=== Prompt 97 ===
 Here is a joke: Buenas noches, muchas gracias.\n¿Qué tal, cómo estáis?\nMe llamo Joan Pico, soy actor.\nA mí me gustaría ser un tipo de actor comprometido, con conciencia social, de los que lucha por participar en proyectos alternativos, con sentido, con corazón...\n...y una puta mierda.\nYo lo que quiero es ser rico y famoso.\nPero muy rico y muy famoso, ¿eh?\nComo Will Smith, ¿sabéis quién es?\ndirectivo El hormiguero del. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 98 ===
 

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand each line's role in the joke. The joke is in Spanish, so I'll translate it to grasp the context.

The first line: "A mí me encanta Will Smith." Translates to "I love Will Smith." That's establishing the speaker's admiration for Will Smith. So this is probably setting up the context.

Next line: "Me encanta su filosofía de vida, cómo trabaja, él como persona." Which means "I love his life philosophy, how he works, him as a person." This adds more context about why the speaker admires him. So maybe this is part of the context or setup.

Third line: "Yo por Will Smith haría cualquier cosa que me pidiera, hasta matar a su hijo." Translates to "I would do anything for Will Smith he asked me, even kill his son." This is a strong escalation, taking the admiration to an extreme. So this is likely the escalation part of the joke.

Fourth line: "Y si m no lo además pidiera." Which I think is a typo and should be "Y si no lo además pidiera." Maybe the intended meaning is "And if he didn't ask me either." But the original is a bit unclear. However, considering the flow, this line might be a misdirection or a twist. The previous line was a hyperbolic statement, and this line could be trying to add another condition, but since the joke ends here, it might be a non-line or a setup for a punchline that's missing. However, the user says the joke ends here. So maybe the last line is a misdirection or a non-line because it doesn't resolve the joke but adds a confusing twist. Alternatively, it could be a callback or a punchline if there's an intended joke, but given the abrupt ending, it's more likely a non-line or misdirection.

Putting it all together:

Line 1: Establishing context (introduces admiration for Will Smith)
Line 2: Also establishing context (adds reasons for admiration)
Line 3: Escalation (introduces extreme action)
Line 4: Maybe misdirection or non-line (confusing or incomplete thought)

But the user wants each line to have exactly one label. The last line is tricky. Since the joke ends there, maybe it's a punchline, but it's not a typical punchline. Alternatively, it's a non

=== Prompt 99 ===
 
Okay, let's try to figure out how to label each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the joke itself. The user provided a joke in Spanish, and I need to classify each line by its role.

The joke starts with "Sí, sueño con ser famoso y con ganar premios importantes, como los ganadores de los premios Goya, ¿verdad? Ellos también sueñan con ganar premios importantes. No sé si sabéis quién es Candela Peña. ¿Conocéis a Candela Peña? mujer Una se que ponga lo que e ponga perpetuamente parece qu dormiodi ha r un camping."

First, the speaker says they dream of being famous and winning important awards, like the Goya winners. Then they mention that the Goya winners also dream of winning awards. Then they ask if the audience knows who Candela Peña is, asking twice. The next part is a bit confusing: "mujer Una se que ponga lo que e ponga perpetuamente parece qu dormiodi ha r un camping." Maybe there's a typo here. Maybe it's supposed to be "Una mujer que pone lo que pone, perpetuamente parece que dormido ha r un camping." Translating roughly, maybe it's saying "A woman who puts on what she puts on, forever looks like she's sleeping at a campsite." But that doesn't make much sense. Maybe it's a play on words or a misheard phrase leading to a punchline.

Looking at the structure: The first line establishes context about dreaming of awards. The second line escalates by saying the Goya winners also have the same dream. Then introducing Candela Peña, a well-known Spanish actress. The repeated question might be misdirection or setup. The last line is the confusing part, which is likely the punchline, but maybe it's a non-sequitur or a play on words. The mention of "camping" might be a pun or a misheard phrase. Since the user mentioned it's a joke, the last line is probably the punchline, which subverts expectations. The repetition of asking about Candela Peña could be misdirection. Let me label each line:

1. "Sí, sueño con ser famoso y con ganar premios importantes, como los ganadores de los premios Goya, ¿verdad?" - This is establishing context, introducing the

=== Prompt 100 ===
 Here is a joke: Candela Peña ganó su segundo Goya en 2013 por la película Una pistola en cada mano.
Y cuando subió a recoger el premio, Candela hizo algo que me parece lamentable, penoso.
O sea, sus palabras al recoger el premio fueron, cito textualmente, está en YouTube, lo podéis ver.
Dijo, llevo tres años sin trabajar, desde aquí pido trabajo, tengo un hijo que alimentar.
Mira, hasta el Goya estaba así.
Hija de puta qu acaban te Estado Damahte dar Goya un
Yo me he pasado tres meses en la cárcel
Por intentar el robar ds Dani Rovira END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 101 ===
 

Here is a joke: Joder, es que es difícil currar como actor
No vale con enviar un currículum y hacer una entrevista
Te hacen un casting donde tienes que demostrar Lo que vales en 30 segundos
Jodido, ¿no?
Es como si para que te cogieran en un Starbucks te dijeran A ver, escribe tu nombre en un vaso de papel
O para ser modelo te dijeran A ver, métete este gramo de cocaína
¿parw O ser oficial te municipal dijeran,ver a,este métete de gramo cocaía? END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 102 ===
 Here is a joke: Yo de pequeño estuve en Alabama, mi madre me mandó allí a aprender inglés.
¡Alabama!
No a Londres ni a Nueva York, no, a Alabama.
Y allí me contaron una cosa que yo nunca me había visto.
¿Sabéis qué?
En el sur de Estados Unidos, el fútbol es... Bueno, el fútbol ya no le llaman ni fútbol, es el soccer, ¿no?
El fútbol para ellos es el fútbol americano.
A mí siempre me decían, oye, Dani, ¿cómo juegas al fútbol, tío?
Me decían, eso es de chicas, ¿sabéis qué?
En el sur de Estados Unidos, el fútbol juegan las chicas.
Y yo no lo entendía, ¿no?
¿Por qué?
Lo asimilan como de chicas, ¿no?
Y me lo explicaron, tenéis que ver cómo piensa esta gente, ¿no?
El tío me decía, a ver, todos los deportes de pelota, Dani, son iguales.
Hay un equipo que quiere llevar la pelota allí y otro equipo que quiere llevar la pelota allá.
¿Cómo hacemos los hombres?
A hpsiws.
Si te pones delante, ponte un casco porque voy a pasar a saco.
Entonces ellos el fútbol lo ven como un poco gay, ¿no? END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 103 ===
 Alright, let's break down this joke line by line. The user wants me to classify each line into one of the specified categories. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke. 

The joke is in Spanish, so I need to make sure I grasp the meaning correctly. Let me translate each line to get the context. 

1. "Porque es como, no, solo vale con el pie, ¿vale?" – This seems like the speaker is arguing that something only counts if done with the foot. Maybe a soccer context? Establishing the context here.

2. "Oh, me ha empujado." – The speaker is saying someone pushed them. This could be the setup for a conflict, leading to a penalty.

3. "Tarjeta amarilla, la próxima fuera, ¿eh?" – Yellow card warning. This is escalating the situation, so maybe escalation.

4. "Penalti, chicos." – Penalty call. The setup for the next part, perhaps.

5. "Ahora yo solo, penalti." – The speaker is taking the penalty alone. This is the setup for the punchline.

6. "Que nadie me toque, ¿vale?" – Asking not to be touched. Maybe misdirection, leading to the next line.

7. "Ay,¿dónde mi está cueta?" – "Where is my shoe?" – This is a mistake, maybe a slip of the tongue. Could be misdirection or non-line.

8. "Este no es, este no es." – "This isn't, this isn't." – Repeating, maybe non-line or repetition.

9. "Delaware Era iamantes." – "Delaware Era lovers." – Nonsensical phrase, likely non-line.

10. "¡Cristiano!" – Calling out someone's name, maybe a callback or punchline.

11. "Gracias. END OF JOKE." – Wrap-up.

Now, assigning labels:

1. Establishing context – The first line sets the rule about using the foot.

2. Setup – The push is the initial conflict.

3. Escalation – Yellow card warning increases tension.

4. Setup – Penalty call sets up the next action.

5. Setup – Taking the penalty alone.

6. Misdirection – Asking not to be touched, but then the shoe is missing.

7. Non-line – The confused question about the shoe.

8. Repetition – Repeating "este no

=== Prompt 104 ===
 Here is a joke: Bueno, además, fijaos lo que os digo.
Esto del tema del sexo se ha llegado a tantos extremos ya.
Es que fíjate tú, que resulta que la película esa de 50 sombras de Grey que han hecho, resulta que el vello público lo hicieron por ordenador.
Podéis comprobarlo.
El director dijo, es el trabajo más raro que he hecho en mi vida.
Pero dijeron que había que hacerlo por ordenador.
O sea, tú imagínate el momento en el que van a hablar con el técnico que ha ganado un Oscar.
Y le dicen, ¿vas a hacer pelo?
Coño, vuelve Chewbacca en Star Wars.
No,no,no,que es no portuguesa.
Esto es otra cosa.
Tienes que hacer pelo ahí para 50 sombras de Grey.
digo Y,vamos a ver,llámame y loco si no se afeitan rato un,¿eh? END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 105 ===
 OF. JOKE. Let's analyze the joke line by line:

1. "Y lo deja ahí crecer." - This sets up the context of someone allowing something to grow naturally.
2. "Y digo, no, no, que así va a ser más realista." - The speaker is objecting to the natural growth, suggesting artificial intervention for realism.
3. "Y digo, ¿pero nos hemos vuelto locos o qué?" - Expressing disbelief or confusion, indicating a shift in tone.
4. "O sea, me estás contando que esa tecnología que ha servido para hacer en El Señor de los Anillos la recreación de la batalla del abismo de Helm..." - Establishing context by referencing a specific movie scene known for its special effects.
5. "...donde 4.000 orcos urujáis luchaban contra un ejército de elfos y guerreros de Rohan, pues todo eso mismo, pero pa' pelo del potorri." - Comparing the elaborate movie scene to a ridiculous situation, highlighting the absurdity.
6. "Digo, ¡nos hemos vuelto locos!" - Reiterating the speaker's disbelief or confusion.
7. "O sea, que te estás gastando un dinero, que tienes a la gente desaprovechada." - Expressing criticism about wasted resources.
8. "No sé,tú imagínate,ya que pones te a poner pelo,pus pnle un Minion." - Suggesting an absurd alternative, introducing a new element (Minion) for comedic effect.
9. "Que salga ahí y que hable con el fulano, ¿no?" - Continuing the absurd suggestion, adding to the comedic effect.
10. "¡Oh,papayera!" - An exclamation of surprise or realization, indicating a comedic twist.
11. "No, ahora parece que vale todo, ¿eh?" - Concluding with a statement that anything goes, highlighting the absurdity of the situation.

Based on this analysis, the classification for each line would be:
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "establishing context", "subversion", "callback", "misdirection", "non-line", "redirection", "punchline", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 106 ===
 Here is a joke: Luego, ahora te dicen, no, no hay que reprimirse.\nEs otra mentira, no te reprimas en el sexo.\nMi mujer lo ha entendido mal, ¿qué hace ahora?\nGrita, y grita mucho.\nDice que se entere la vecina cuando lo hacemos, que se joda, que sepa lo que somos.\nNo, espera, que los niños duermen al lado, las paredes son de papel, y a mí no me da...\nNo,que yo quiero defender integriad la perspnal de mis hijos,va no a wer que niña el se levane,yo me giro,saco le ojo un,digo,a mí eso no me pla. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 107 ===
 Here is a joke: Yo lo que intento es disimular, y es muy difícil cuando estás ahí en mitad de la batalla...
Que a mí joder me ha pasado, mi mujer gritando loco ¡Ah! ¡Ah!
Y yo intemtsndo disimular¡Ah!¡El dinosauria!¡Ah!¡Ah! END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 108 ===
 

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand each line's role in the joke. The joke is in Spanish, so I'll translate it to get the gist. Let's go line by line.

"Claro, porque es muy complicado." – This seems like an explanation or context. The speaker is clarifying why something is complicated. Maybe establishing context.

"Es muy difícil." – Reiterating the difficulty. Could be repetition or part of the setup.

"Bueno, incluso hasta el punto de que me lo ha hecho en casa de mis suegros." – Adding an example to escalate the situation. So, escalation.

"Y eso es imposible de disimular." – Further emphasizing the problem. Maybe escalation or setup.

"Sobre todo cuando se pone en plan religiosa." – Introducing a new element (religion), which might be a setup for the next part.

"Que empieza gritando ¡Ah! ¡Y la Virgen! ¡La Virgen! yo Y como puedo¡Con a flors chocolatr!" – This seems like the punchline with absurdity. The mention of "flors chocolatr" (maybe a typo for "flores chocolates"?) is unexpected and humorous. So this is the punchline.

"Joder." – An exclamation of frustration, possibly a callback or reaction to the absurdity. Maybe a punchline or timing.

"Gracias. END OF JOKE." – The closing line, wrap-up.

Now, checking labels again. The first line is establishing context. The second is repetition. Third is escalation. Fourth is escalation. Fifth is setup. Sixth is the punchline with absurdity. "Joder" could be timing or part of the punchline. The last line is wrap-up.

Wait, maybe "Joder." is a reaction, so it's part of the punchline or a callback. Let me think. The absurd part is the "flores chocolatr," which is a non-sequitur. So the main punchline is the line with the typo. "Joder" is the reaction to that, so maybe timing or meta-humor. But the options don't have meta-humor. Maybe timing. Alternatively, it's part of the punchline. Let me check the labels again. The options are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap

=== Prompt 109 ===
 Here is a joke: Nosotros no somos capaces de estar felices ni un segundo y ellos que no tienen nada viven en la más extrema pobreza y están siempre, siempre contentos.\n¿Y sabéis por qué?\nPorque son polígamos.\nQue son polígamos.\nEllos pueden tener todas las mujeres que sean capaces de mantener y claro, como allí no hay tiendas de ropa, pues venga a follar que son dos días, ¿no?\nClaro. No, claro.\nMira, 50 pavos de collares después, volvimos al hotel a cenar y nos sirve la cena a un keniata que le faltaban las dos paletas de delante y se queda al lado de la mesa esperando.\nY mi novia, niño, por el amor de Dios, dale algo a este hombre que le hace mucha falta.\nrqsqué Me el bolsillo Diamante Estado y nuevo le di tarjeta la de mi dentista.\nDigo, para ti, para que te arregles la boca un poco. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 110 ===
 Here is a joke: Mira, se fue maldiciendo y le tenía que haber dado algo porque de verdad que se vengó.
nos puso en la mesa para cenar a una pareja de recién casados de Zaragoza más pesados que sus muertos, pero que sus muertos, y anda que no cogen confianza rápido, esa gente...
estaba yo comiendo, y viene el tío y me dice, oye, mira, que no te sepa mal, pero es que te estoy viendo comer y creo que es que te lo tengo que decir, ¿no crees que te sobran unos pocos de kilos?
No, no, que no te sepa mal, es que mira, yo creo que tu problema es que seguramente llevarás una vida sedentaria y una alimentación pésima.
Y le digo, mira, pavo, mi problema no es ni el sedentarismo ni la mala alimentación, ¿vale?
La culpa de que yo tenga sobrepeso es de mis padres, que se lo podrían haber currado un poquito.
Un poquito solo, ¿eh?
Como los padres de Messi, por ejemplo, que lo apuntaron al fútbol o los padres de Nadal que lo apuntaron al tenis.
Pus a me mí apuntaron al comedor y tengo me joder que.
Gracias por ver el video. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 111 ===
 Let's analyze the joke line by line:

1. **"Tengo novia y muy bien, y no voy a contar ni que me ha dejado, ni las tapas del váter, ni mierdas de esas."**  
   - This line introduces the speaker's current situation (having a girlfriend) and sets up the premise of the joke by rejecting dramatic or exaggerated stories.  
   - **Label**: *Establishing context*

2. **"Simplemente el dato, por si la gente se lo cree, coño, que tengo novia."**  
   - The speaker is emphasizing the fact that he has a girlfriend in a straightforward manner.  
   - **Label**: *Establishing context*

3. **"Y cometo dos temeridades, cuidado, no solo la tengo, tengo novia y vivo con ella."**  
   - The speaker escalates the situation by revealing that he not only has a girlfriend but also lives with her, which is presented as a bold or shocking statement.  
   - **Label**: *Escalation*

4. **"Y desde hace un month, cuenta compartida."**  
   - Further escalation by revealing that he shares a bank account with his girlfriend, which is an even more serious commitment.  
   - **Label**: *Escalation*

5. **"Estoy en un callejón sin salida."**  
   - The speaker expresses that he is stuck in a situation, which adds to the tension.  
   - **Label**: *Escalation*

6. **"¿Qué será lo próximo? ¿Eh? ¿Qué será lo próximo?"**  
   - The speaker is building anticipation for the next step in the relationship.  
   - **Label**: *Setup*

7. **"Cuando tengamos una hija, ponle de nombre Moussarrat."**  
   - Introducing a specific name for a future child, which is unexpected and introduces a new element.  
   - **Label**: *Setup*

8. **"Porque ella es catalana y le gusta mucho."**  
   - Explaining the reason for the name choice, which adds a twist.  
   - **Label**: *Setup*

9. **"¿Qué es niño? Moussarrat también."**  
   - The speaker is addressing the possibility of a boy and still using the same name, which is unexpected and adds to the absurdity.  
   - **Label**:

=== Prompt 112 ===
 The joke is in Spanish, but you can respond in any language as long as the labels are in English. Let's think step by step. First, I need to understand the joke. The joke is in Spanish, and it's about living with a partner in a small apartment, leading to constant clashes. The lines are as follows:

1. Y claro, cuando vives en pareja, pues hay roces.
2. ¿Cómo no va a haber roces? Y choques.
3. Con tu pareja vives con tu pareja y chocas, coño.
4. Yo vivo con mi pareja en un piso muy pequeño y chocamos constantemente.
5. ¿Dónde vas?del Vengo baño.¿Has cagado?Sí,pues cierra.
6. Y así siempre. END OF JOKE.

Now, I need to classify each line by its role in the joke. The possible labels are: establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition.

Let's go line by line.

Line 1: "Y claro, cuando vives en pareja, pues hay roces." This is setting up the context that living with a partner leads to friction. So this is establishing context.

Line 2: "¿Cómo no va a haber roces? Y choques." This is reinforcing the idea from line 1, so it's repetition or maybe escalation. Since it's a question that emphasizes the same point, it might be repetition.

Line 3: "Con tu pareja vives con tu pareja y chocas, coño." This is a bit more direct, using repetition and maybe escalation. It's emphasizing the conflict again, so repetition or escalation.

Line 4: "Yo vivo con mi pareja en un piso muy pequeño y chocamos constantemente." This provides specific context about living in a small apartment, which is establishing context or setup. Since it's adding more details to the scenario, it's establishing context.

Line 5: "¿Dónde vas?del Vengo baño.¿Has cagado?Sí,pues cierra." This is a specific example of the conflict, which is the setup leading to the punchline. The dialogue here is the setup for the punchline in line 6.

Line 6: "Y así siempre." This is the punchline, summarizing the situation, so it's the

=== Prompt 113 ===
 OF. INPUT. Tus costumbres, las tuyas, cambian para siempre. O se desvanecen.
Vais a flipar con esto, pero mi novia no me remueve el colacao.
Que yo le digo, joder, que quedan grumos, coño.
Que como me la y cookie toso.
Pues no, fliparéis más con esto No me corta las uñas de los pies
Eso lo ha hecho mi madre de toda la vida
Las 10 El único requisito, dúchate que me la deja blandas
Y yi Estudio viendo Estadio Y ellaw,clis,clis,clis Gliss,gliss,gliss.
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to classify each line of this joke into one of the given labels. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke.

Starting with the first line: "Tus costumbres, las tuyas, cambian para siempre. O se desvanecen." This seems like setting the stage, establishing context about changing habits. So maybe "establishing context".

Next line: "Vais a flipar con esto, pero mi novia no me remueve el colacao." The phrase "Vais a flipar" is a common setup for a joke, introducing a surprising element. So this might be the setup.

Then: "Que yo le digo, joder, que quedan grumos, coño." This is adding more to the situation, escalating the problem with the colacao. So "escalation".

Next: "Que como me la y cookie toso." This seems like a misdirection or a non-sequitur, maybe a humorous twist. Maybe "misdirection".

Then: "Pues no, fliparéis más con esto No me corta las uñas de los pies" This introduces another surprising element, a new setup or escalation. Maybe "setup" again or "escalation".

"Eso lo ha hecho mi madre de toda la vida" This is providing context about the mother, so "establishing context".

"Las 10 El único requisito, dúchate que me la deja blandas" This adds a condition, maybe part of the escalation or a new setup. Maybe "escalation".

"Y yi Estudio viendo Estadio Y ellaw,clis,clis,clis Gliss,gliss,gl

=== Prompt 114 ===
 Let's analyze this joke line by line to determine the role of each part:

1. **"El gusto es otro sentido que se pierde con los años."**  
   - This line sets up a general premise that taste is a sense that diminishes with age.  
   - **Label:** *establishing context*

2. **"En cuanto te casas, se pierde el gusto."**  
   - This line builds on the previous one, suggesting that getting married causes you to lose your taste.  
   - **Label:** *setup*

3. **"A tu mujer le da por cocinar."**  
   - Introduces a new situation, escalating the scenario by implying the wife now starts cooking.  
   - **Label:** *escalation*

4. **"Y te prepara unas habichuelas que parecen peladillas."**  
   - Adds a humorous exaggeration (habichuelas that taste like peladillas, a type of bean or dish) to escalate the absurdity.  
   - **Label:** *escalation*

5. **"¿Qué le vas a decir si te acabas de casar?"**  
   - Introduces a dilemma or situation that the character must navigate.  
   - **Label:** *setup*

6. **"¡Pues madre mía, qué buenas están!"**  
   - The character's exaggerated response to the bad food, which sets up the punchline.  
   - **Label:** *setup*

7. **"Mañans te invito a comer."**  
   - This is the punchline that delivers the humor, as the character makes a joke about the poor food by inviting the listener to eat it again.  
   - **Label:** *punchline*

---

**Final classification:**

{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "escalation", "setup", "setup", "punchline"]}

=== Prompt 115 ===
 Let's analyze the joke line by line and classify each part according to its role in the comedic structure:

1. "No hay que ser tan exigentes, que tampoco digo yo que haya que conformarse con cualquier cosa..."  
   - **Establishing context**: Introduces the theme of not being too demanding but also not settling for anything.

2. "...como cuando se puso de moda comer pipas peladas, que nadie se preguntó, ¿y quién las pela?"  
   - **Setup**: Introduces a specific example (eating shelled sunflower seeds) that leads to a humorous question.

3. "¿Y si llevan las pipas a un asilo?"  
   - **Escalation**: Takes the idea further by suggesting taking the seeds to a nursing home, adding absurdity.

4. "Estamos aquí como gilipollas comiendo pipas."  
   - **Subversion**: Subverts expectations by highlighting the absurdity of the situation.

5. "Pero no hay que ser tan exigentes."  
   - **Repetition**: Repeats the initial statement to reinforce the theme.

6. "Que por eso están los gimnasios llenos de gente, ahí haciendo, levantando pesas a todas horas."  
   - **Setup**: Introduces a new example (gym culture) to continue the theme of absurdity.

7. "Que a ver qué mierda hará un tío levantando pesas a las 12 de la noche, hombre, porque estará solo."  
   - **Punchline**: Delivers a punchline by questioning the logic of lifting weights at midnight when alone.

8. "Los gimnasios han cambiado mucho, ¿eh?"  
   - **Establishing context**: Sets up a new context about the changing nature of gyms.

9. "Ahora abren a las tantas, ponen música sport, te ponen espejos por todos los lados."  
   - **Setup**: Provides more context about modern gym features.

10. "¡Espejos en un gimnasio! A ver, ¿para qué?"  
    - **Misdirection**: Introduces a new question that seems unrelated but is part of the humor.

11. "Sí, todavía sé cómo estoy."  
    - **Meta-humor**: Adds a self-aware comment about self-image.

12. "Por vengo esp

=== Prompt 116 ===
 OF. INPUT.
Okay, let's see. The user provided a joke in Spanish and wants each line classified by its role in the joke's structure. The joke is about a guy who spends time on a treadmill, a bike, and drives to the gym, and then there's a punchline.

First, I need to break down each line. The first line is "Que iba un tío que se pasaba una hora en la cinta de andar, media hora en la bicicleta hasta Tiquieta y venía al gimnasio en coche..." This sets up the scenario, introducing the character and his routine. That's probably establishing context.

Next line: "¿qué vienes?¿a que te veamos músculos los?" This is the setup, presenting the question that leads to the punchline. Then the response "¡Ve esta la mierda, hombre!" is the punchline, which subverts expectations by revealing he's not there for muscles but for something else. 

Wait, maybe the second line is the setup, and the third is the punchline. But I need to check if there's any escalation or other elements. The first line establishes the character's routine, the second line is the setup question, and the third is the punchline. The humor comes from the unexpected answer, so the punchline is the third line. The other labels like escalation or misdirection don't seem to fit here. The answer is straightforward setup and punchline. The first line is establishing context, the second is setup, third is punchline. Let me confirm the Spanish translation. "Ve esta la mierda" would be "Come see the mess, man!" which is the punchline. So the labels would be establishing context, setup, punchline.
</think>

{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "punchline"]}

=== Prompt 117 ===
 

Here is a joke: yo quiero ir al gimnasio y ver a gente como yo o peor...\n...que vea un gordo en una bici y diga yo estaré mal pero ese no va a adelgazar nunca...\nel gordo¡Susa,cabrón,suda! END OF JO...

{"ANSWER":["establishing context","setup","punchline"]}

=== Prompt 118 ===
 Here is a joke: Porque somos mala gente.
Pero yo estoy intentando ser mejor persona.
Así que he apadrinado a un niño del tercer mundo.
¿Alguien más que haga cosas para desgrabar en Hacienda?
No lo hagáis.
Es una mierda.
Empiezas a recibir cartas llenas de faltas de ortografía.
Dices,awra eso quedo me en el Facebook. END OF JOKE.
Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 119 ===
 

Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to read through the joke and understand what's happening. The joke is in Spanish, so I might need to translate some parts to get the full context.

Starting with the first line: "Empiezas a recibir dibujos o ropas como pintan los niños de cuatro años." This seems like the setup, introducing the scenario where someone starts receiving drawings or clothes like a four-year-old would paint. That's probably establishing context or setting up the premise.

Next line: "Y eso es como, así, esta es mi casa con el tejado de paja, mi papá, mi mamá, todos coloreados de negro y así, mis hermanitos." This continues the setup, describing the drawings in more detail. It's adding context to the situation, so maybe establishing context or part of the setup.

Then: "Yo...Digo,yo no vi a colgar mierda esaq mi tuerca nevera Estado Diamqnte diseño." This part is a bit confusing. The speaker is saying they didn't see someone hanging "mierda" (which is Spanish for "shit") and mentions "mi tuerca" (my nut) and some other phrases that might be misspelled. This could be a misdirection or part of the escalation, maybe a non-sequitur or a confusing line that's part of the humor.

Next line: "Pero claro, digo, no, no, no, esto se trata de ser mejor persona." Here, the speaker clarifies that it's about being a better person. This might be a redirection or a meta-humor element, as they're addressing the audience or explaining their intention.

Then: "así que m solidarizo él cn y liderazgo le fotos y digo le,mira,esto es un y áticoi esto dw la see tostada fuego caviar no todavía tus son hermanitos" This line is very fragmented and has a lot of misspellings. It seems like the speaker is trying to show solidarity and mention photos, a rooftop, and caviar, but it's all jumbled. This could be a misdirection, non-line, or part of the escalation, creating confusion.

Finally: "Gracias. END OF JOKE." This is the wrap-up, ending the joke with a thank you.

Putting it all together, the

=== Prompt 120 ===
 Here is a joke: Nadie se preocupa de los pobres, ¿a que no?
Los que se preocupan, se preocupan mal.
Un ejemplo, Antonio Abad, creador de la plataforma tecnológica Megafon.net destinada a que gente en riesgo de exclusión social compartiera archivos de vídeo, imagen, sonido...
Muy buena idea, Antonio.
Si fuera ni prque la gene que está tuerca Delaware riesg exclusión social no tiene Internet. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 121 ===
 Okay, let's see. I need to classify each line of this joke into the given labels. The joke is in Spanish, but I'll try to parse it step by step.

The first line is "¿Cuál es tu próximo proyecto, Antonio?" That's asking about Antonio's next project. It seems like setting up the context for the joke. So maybe "establishing context".

Next line: "¿Vas a organizar un torneo de golf en Damasco ¿Para que los refugiados sirios mejoren su swing?" This is the setup. The question is introducing the idea of organizing a golf tournament in Damascus for Syrian refugees. That's the setup part.

Third line: "¿Son esos tus planes, Antonio?" This seems like a follow-up question, maybe escalating the situation. So "escalation".

Fourth line: "No me gustan los deportes, pero ahora tengo un crío." This is a twist, because the previous lines were about a sports event, but here the person says they don't like sports. This could be a subversion of expectations.

Fifth line: "Cuando tienes un crío, tienes un nuevo superpoder." This is introducing a new concept, maybe a misdirection or a setup for the next line. Not sure yet.

Sixth line: "aparentar interés." This is the punchline, as it reveals the "superpower" is faking interest. So "punchline".

Seventh line: "Os voy a dar un ejemplo. END OF JOKE." This is wrapping up the joke, so "wrap-up".

Wait, let me check again. The first line is establishing context by introducing the topic. The second line is the setup, presenting the idea. The third line escalates by confirming the plans. The fourth line subverts by saying they don't like sports. The fifth line is a setup for the twist. The sixth line is the punchline. The last line is wrap-up. But maybe "aparentar interés" is the punchline. The example given is the punchline. The last line is the wrap-up. Let me make sure each line is correctly labeled.
</think>

{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "subversion", "setup", "punchline", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 122 ===
 OF. JOKE.
Okay, let's see. I need to classify each line of the joke into the given roles. The joke is in Spanish, so I'll have to parse it carefully. The lines are separated by newlines, and the user provided the joke with "Otro día estaba..." etc. Let me break it down line by line.

First line: "Otro día estaba en mi habitación haciéndome una paja." This sets the scene, establishing where the speaker is and what they're doing. So that's probably "establishing context."

Second line: "De repente me llama el crío." This introduces a sudden event, the child calling the dad. That's part of the setup, leading to the punchline.

Third line: "¡Papá, papá, papá!" The child's repeated calls. This might be part of the setup or escalation. Since it's the child's dialogue, maybe escalation because it adds urgency.

Fourth line: "¡Frené!" The dad stops. This could be a punchline, but maybe it's part of the setup. Wait, the next line is another "¡Frené!" So maybe the first "Frené" is a reaction, leading to the actual punchline. But the user says each line should have one label. Let me think again.

Wait, the user's joke is: 

1. Otro día estaba en mi habitación haciéndome una paja.
2. De repente me llama el crío.
3. ¡Papá, papá, papá!
4. ¡Frené!
5. ¡Frené!
6. te Que puede unm dar ictus. END OF JOKE.

Wait, line 6 is a bit unclear. Maybe it's a typo, like "te que puede un m dar ictus" which might be "Te que puede un m dar ictus" meaning "Because it can give you a heart attack." So the punchline is the dad stopping twice, and the reason is that it could cause a heart attack.

So line 1: establishing context.

Line 2: setup, introducing the interruption.

Line 3: escalation, the child's calls.

Lines 4 and 5: repetition of the action, leading to the punchline.

Line 6: the punchline, explaining why stopping is necessary.

But let's assign the labels. The labels available are: establishing context, setup

=== Prompt 123 ===
 OF. JUKE. AND. START. OF. REASONING.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the joke properly. The user provided a multi-line joke in Spanish, and I need to label each line with the appropriate role from the given list.

Let me start by translating the joke to grasp the context. The first line is "Salgo corriendo con los huevos azules, entro en el salón y veo a mi hijo jugando a la Wii." Translating that: "I run out with blue eggs, enter the living room and see my son playing Wii." This seems like setting the scene, so maybe "establishing context."

Next line: "Mira papá, soy campeón de la copa caparazón con cupa trupa." The son is telling the dad he's a champion in some competition. This is likely part of the setup, introducing the premise.

Third line: "extraordinaio Diego,voy a mi habitación a la pr bandera Primer Estado los campeones,tardo 15 minutos." The dad responds with "extraordinaio Diego" (maybe a typo for "extraordinario"), then goes to his room to do something related to the championship, taking 15 minutes. This could be escalation, as the dad is reacting by taking action.

Fourth line: "Gracias. END OF JOKE." The dad says thanks, which might be the punchline. But wait, the humor here is that the dad's action (going to his room for 15 minutes) is a callback to the son's claim of being a champion. The punchline is the dad's exaggerated reaction. The line after is the wrap-up with "END OF JOKE."

Wait, the user mentions "END OF JOKE" as part of the input. The actual joke lines are the four before. Let me recheck. The lines are:

1. Salgo corriendo con los huevos azules, entro en el salón y veo a mi hijo jugando a la Wii
2. Mira papá, soy campeón de la copa caparazón con cupa trupa
3. extraordinaio Diego,voy a mi habitación a la pr bandera Primer Estado los campeones,tardo 15 minutos
4. Gracias. END OF JOKE.

Wait, the fourth line is "Gracias

=== Prompt 124 ===
 Here is a joke: Otra cosa por la que vengo a quejarme, Letizia Sabater.
¿Viste la noticia esa de Letizia Sabater?
Lo del... Lo del toto.
Para el que no lo sepa, Letizia Sabater se gastó 6.000 euros para operarse el toto y volver a ser virgen, ¿vale?
6.000 euros un para uso. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 125 ===
 OF. JOKE. Now, let me analyze the joke step by step. First, I need to understand the structure and identify the different parts of the joke. The joke has two main parts: one about visiting a doctor for an operation and another about hoverboards. 

1. **Establishing Context**: The first lines set up the scenario of someone going to a doctor's office to discuss an operation. This is the setup for the first part of the joke.
2. **Setup**: The speaker imagines the conversation with the doctor, where the doctor mentions a laser for perfect eyesight.
3. **Subversion**: The twist comes when the speaker says the person doesn't know about their eyes, leading to a funny misunderstanding.
4. **Establishing Context**: The second part of the joke introduces a new topic, hoverboards, setting the stage for the next part.
5. **Escalation**: The speaker expresses frustration with hoverboards, explaining why they are problematic.
6. **Misdirection**: The speaker shifts focus to how hoverboards might affect people in wheelchairs, which is a different angle.
7. **Meta-humor**: The speaker comments on the term "minusválido" (handicapped) and suggests a better term, which is a form of meta-humor.
8. **Punchline**: The punchline is the speaker's frustration with the term "minusválido" in the context of hoverboards.
9. **Wrap-up**: The final lines wrap up the joke with applause, indicating the end.

Now, I need to assign the correct labels to each line based on their role in the joke.


=== Prompt 126 ===
 
Here is a joke: ¿Cómo estáis?
¿Alguien tiene Spotify?
Qué ridículo, ¿verdad?
Entrar aquí, un montón de desconocidos y yo... ¿Tienes Spotify?
Si imagináis a alguien por la calle... ¿Tienes Spotify?
Pero del normal o del pre...
¿Alguien tiene del gratis?
¡Gratis!
¿Tienes Spotify gratis?
¿Quién tiene Spotify gratis?
Yo también
Es mejor, porque es gratis
¿No os jode cuando estáis con vuestra lista de Spotify guay, hecha, elaborada, ¿sabes?
Para vuestro momento quizá de relax o de trabajo, ¿sabes?
Y os lo joden con anuncios
Es que cabrones, ¿no?
Hijos de puta, queréis amortizar vuestro negocio
Cabrones
¿Cuánto cuesta el Spotify Premium?
Es una mierda
Son como cinco céntimos al año o algo así, ¿eh?
rutinario Da,par mí es mucho,¿sabes? END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 127 ===
 OF. JOKE. Here is the joke again for reference: Porque el otro es gratis, ¿sabes? El otro es menos. Es menos y por eso no hago el premio. Y los hijos de puta deben tener un algoritmo o algo así que tú sabes, ellos calculan, ¿no? Si tú estás, yo escucho David Bowie, Lurid y tal. si tú escuchasd Dvid Bowie y Reed Lou pues ponen te par Pitbull joderte cabrones ellos deben saber lo que tú escuchas si escuchas Lou Reed te ponen Pitbull si escuchas Pitbull te pues ponen Pitbull porque también siendo sigue una mierda coima el caso es que yo soy consciente yo soy consciente que el problema es mío END OF JOKE. To classify each line of the joke by its role, I will analyze the structure and content of each line to determine how it contributes to the overall joke. The joke seems to be in Spanish and appears to be discussing the idea of algorithms or recommendations (possibly in a music streaming service) that suggest content based on user preferences, but in a way that the speaker finds annoying or ironic. Here's my analysis of each line: 1. **"Porque el otro es gratis, ¿sabes?"** - This line introduces the premise or context of the joke, explaining why a certain option is chosen (because it's free). This is **establishing context**. 2. **"El otro es menos."** - This line continues the context by explaining that the other option is "less," which is likely a reference to the free option being of lower quality or quantity. This is also **establishing context**. 3. **"Es menos y por eso no hago el premio."** - This line explains the consequence of the "less" option, indicating that the speaker doesn't receive a reward or benefit from it. This is **establishing context**. 4. **"Y los hijos de puta deben tener un algoritmo o algo así que tú sabes, ellos calculan, ¿no?"** - This line introduces the idea that there is an algorithm (likely a recommendation system) that calculates or suggests content. This is **establishing context**. 5. **"Si tú estás, yo escucho David Bowie, Lurid y tal."** - This line introduces the speaker's preference for certain

=== Prompt 128 ===
 OF. JOKE.
Okay, let's try to figure out how to label each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke. The user provided a multi-line joke in Spanish, and I need to classify each line into one of the given categories. The joke starts with the speaker calling themselves a pig and a miserable person for not paying four cents to get unlimited music forever. Then there's a back-and-forth where the speaker justifies their reasoning, mentions ads interrupting their playlist, and eventually the punchline is an ad from the Dirección General de Tráfico (DGT), which is Spain's traffic authority.

Let me break it down line by line. 

The first line: "soy un cerdo, soy un miserable por no pagar los cuatro céntimos que me piden, ¿sabes? por tener música ilimitada para siempre" – this is setting up the context. The speaker is explaining their situation and the reason they don't pay, so that's establishing context.

Next line: "Y yo aún así no, porque lo otro es nada, lo otro es la nada y contra eso no se puede competir." – Here, the speaker is reinforcing their decision not to pay, emphasizing that the alternative (not having music) is nothing. This seems like a setup to build the argument.

Then: "Y la nada es menos, siempre." – This is a bit of a philosophical statement, maybe escalating the previous point by stating that nothingness is always less. So maybe escalation.

Next: "Y hay un razonamiento que quizás es equívoco en mi cabeza, pero es que cuando estoy escuchando música y sale un anuncio es como si yo estuviera ganando pasta." – The speaker introduces a flawed reasoning where ads equal earning money. This is a twist, so maybe misdirection or subversion, but since it's a new idea, maybe setup or escalation.

Then: "Y me estáis jodiendo la lista así, pero dame más, estoy ganando dinero, dame más." – The speaker is asking for more ads because they think they're earning money. This is building up the absurdity, so escalation.

Next line: "Y cuantos más anuncios es como, extrañamente, es como que más pasta estoy ganando." – Reiterating the flawed logic, so repetition or escalation.

Then: "y me parece bien porque yo soy consciente que soy un mierda"

=== Prompt 129 ===
 OF. PROBLEM. INST.

Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the joke's structure. The joke starts by describing an emotional ad about road safety, which is supposed to make people aware of what's important. Then it shifts to a critique of Spotify's ad targeting, suggesting that only free users see it, while Premium users don't. The speaker then makes a sarcastic comment about people being cheap and the consequences, leading to a punchline that suggests a different kind of ad with dangerous advice. Finally, there's a sarcastic thanks.

Breaking it down line by line:

1. "era un puente o navidades o yo qué sé" – This sets the context of a holiday or bridge, maybe the setting for the ad. So establishing context.

2. "y era como un anuncio de eh tío, si la gente te está esperando en casa no conduzcas rápido, no mires el móvil mientras conduces no bebas..." – Describes the ad's message, which is the setup for the later critique.

3. "y era un anuncio bonito emotivo, que te hacía tomar conciencia de lo que realmente importa..." – Continues the setup, explaining the ad's emotional impact.

4. "...y se lo estás mandando a la gente equivocada" – Introduces the problem, maybe misdirection or escalation.

5. "Porque ese anuncio está llegando a la gente que tenemos Spotify gratis y la gente que paga Premium no les va a llegar, ¿sabes?" – Explains the targeting issue, which is part of the setup for the punchline.

6. "entonces,esa gente n va saber a...se van s matar todos." – Predicts negative consequences, escalation.

7. "Y si todo va bien... al final vas a conseguir un mundo de mierdas, de hijos de puta como yo tacaños, ¿sabes?" – Further escalation, maybe with some meta-humor about being cheap.

8. "Y no, no, no, no, no, no, no." – Repetition for emphasis, maybe timing or repetition.

9. "Pon unos anhuncios de,hewy,bebe conhduces y,sé feliz,to,¿sabes?" – Suggests a different ad, which is the punchline's setup.

10. "

=== Prompt 130 ===
 Please reason step by step, and put your final answer within {"ANSWER": [...]}.
Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke. The user provided a Spanish joke and wants each line labeled with a role like setup, punchline, etc. The lines are separated by newlines, so I'll go through each one step by step.

Starting with the first line: "Hay algunas, muchas parejas, independientemente de sexo, esto pasa en casi todas las parejas, siempre hay uno que duerme fenomenal y otro que no tanto, ¿no?" This is setting up the context by talking about couples and sleep issues. So that's probably "establishing context."

Next line: "Entonces los que somos la parte insomne de los que no podemos dormir, pues a veces dices, pues ¿qué hago para dormir?" This continues the context by explaining the problem of insomnia. Still part of establishing context.

Third line: "Pues me quedo viendo un poco Cuarto Milenio hasta que me quedo dormido." This is an example of a solution someone might use, so maybe part of the setup leading to the main joke.

"Vale, vale" is an interjection, probably timing or meta-humor, but maybe just a filler.

Then: "Pero hay días que dices Es que son las 3 y me levanto a las 7 No tengo presupuesto para ir yéndome a dormir Tengo que dormirme ya" This escalates the problem, the person is desperate to sleep, so "escalation."

"¿Cuál es la manera más rápida De dormir? La más rápida, la más eficaz" The setup for the punchline, asking for the best way to sleep quickly. This is setup.

"Lo tengo comprobado La transferencia de sueño Buscas a alguien Que esté profundamente dormido Y le robas el sueño De lo que le das para ti Y le traspasas tu desvelo" This is introducing the absurd solution, which is the misdirection or part of the setup leading to the punchline.

"Esto es muy fácil, suena muy complicado, pero en realidad solo..." More setup, leading into the punchline.

"¡Aaah!¡Despierta,despierta,despierta! Cuando se despierta, ¿qué pasa

=== Prompt 131 ===
 Here is a joke: No puedo, eso es una putada, me hago mayor, me hago viejo y no me gusta.\nEl otro día veo unos jovenzuelos de 15 años ahí perdiendo el tiempo, ya me salió, les tuve que decir.\nLes digo, chavalería, ¿no? Porque así les llamamos nosotros los mayores.\nLes digo, chavalería, no perdéis el tiempo ahora que sois jóvenes, porque cuando tengáis mi edad ya no vais a tener la misma ilusión por las cosas.\nSe me quedaron mirando y me dice, tío, ¿qué te pasa?\nEn serio, mírame, tengo barba.\nMírate a ti,gilipolls,sin verbe. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 132 ===
 Here is a joke: Con este poco respeto nos trata la juventud de ahora, ¿no?
Claro, están todo el día enganchados a la maquinita, al iPhone 6.
En mi época nos conformamos con menos, teníamos el iPhone 5.
Eran otros tiempos, ¿vale?
Pero, no sé, la música que escuchan ahora, los gemeliers y la gozadera y todas estas mierdas.
En mi época íbamos más a lo clásico, ¿no? Al guaca guaca, al Gangnam Style.
No, y no es lo mismo.
Me estoy haciendo mayor, eso.
Me hago mayor, pero no a nivel físico.
Al parecer, ¿no?
Me hago mayor a nivel legal, a nivel mental, pero no a nivel físico.
Físicamente por erstoy actualizar,¿no?Soy Blackberry una todavía.
Y no sé por dónde puede ir, ¿no?
No sé por dónde puede ir mi desarrollo, ¿no?
Más o menos me puedo hacer a la idea. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 133 ===
 Here is a joke: Tengo dos hermanos mayores.
Uno me saca 10 años, el otro 8.
Es una putada, ¿no? Porque uno se está quedando calvo y el otro no.
¿Sabes? Hay un 50-50, un calva o cruz que me trae de cabeza.
Y lo llevo fatal, ¿no?
porque miro a un lado y digo, bueno, vale, bien, pero miro al otro y hago, uff, ¿sabes por qué?
Además a él le queda bien, a mi hermano le queda bien porque se rapa, es un tío duro y parece, no sé, Jason Statham, Bruce Willis...
pero no, a mí no me quedaría bien quedarme calvo, ¿sabes?
quedo Me calvo y empezaría a parecer una especiue Estado Diamante Gandhi sid con,¿sabes?
Gracias por ver el video. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 134 ===
 

Alright, let's take a look at this joke. The user has provided a Spanish joke and wants each line classified by its role. The joke is about turning 39 and feeling like one's life isn't what they expected. 

First line: "Pues acabo de cumplir 39 años." This is setting the context, introducing the age and the situation. So that's probably establishing context.

Second line: "No hagáis eso, es una edad de mierda." The speaker is reacting to their age, which is a setup for the joke. Maybe setup.

Third line: "Es una edad de mierda sobre todo cuando te das cuenta de que no tienes la vida que tú pensabas que ibas a tener." This expands on why the age is bad, so escalation.

Fourth line: "Yo pensaba que a esta edad parecería un madurito interesante." This is the setup for the punchline, so maybe setup or escalation.

Fifth line: "Pareco un alcohólico divorciado." This is the punchline, the unexpected comparison.

Sixth line: "No es lo mismo, no es lo mismo." This is a wrap-up, emphasizing the contrast.

So the labels would be: establishing context, setup, escalation, setup, punchline, wrap-up.
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "setup", "punchline", "wrap-up"]}

=== Prompt 135 ===
 Here is a joke: ¿Sabes cuando pasas de ser el chico raro al viejo loco?
No, no es lo mismo
Cuando yo era joven, en los 90 Tenía unos pantalones vaqueros todos rotos
¿No? En la época del grunge, ¿vale?
Me los ponía y la gente me decía Eh, Deni, te has hecho punk, ¿no?
Si me los pusiera ahora, la gente me diría Eh, Deni, te has caído, ¿no?
Te has lastimado, ¿te acuerdas de mí?
hss Te cagado,Deni
¿Sabes lo peor de todo?
END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 136 ===
 

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand the joke in Spanish and then figure out the role of each line.

The joke starts with the speaker talking about their four-year-old niece and how much they adore her. Then they mention that no matter how they dress up or clean up, they can't take her down the Delaware street without her holding their hand in a suspicious way. The next line says someone might think it's just a smile, but it's worse. Finally, there's a thank you and the end.

Breaking down each line:

1. "Que yo tengo una sobrinita, tiene cuatro años, ¿sabes?" – This is setting up the context, introducing the niece and her age. So, establishing context.

2. "Y la adoro." – Continues the context, explaining the speaker's feelings. Still part of establishing context.

3. "Y da igual que me ponga mi mejor ropa, que me duche, que me ase, ¿sabes?" – This is the setup. It's building the situation where the speaker is trying to prepare but something goes wrong.

4. "incapaz Soy Diamante Estao llevarla por la Delaware calle la sin mano arecikacikón sospechoso." – This line is a bit confusing in translation, but it seems to be the main issue: the speaker can't take the niece down Delaware street without her suspicious hand-holding. This is the escalation, making the problem worse.

5. "Que alguno puede pensar, pues sonríe, es peor." – This is the subversion. It twists the expectation, suggesting that smiling is worse than the actual problem, which is the hand-holding.

6. "Gracias. END OF JOKE." – This is the wrap-up, closing the joke with thanks.

Wait, but the line with "sonríe, es peor" might be the punchline instead. Let me check again. The setup is the speaker's attempts to dress up but can't take the niece down the street. The escalation is the specific problem (hand-holding). Then the subversion is the twist that someone might think it's just a smile, but it's worse. The punchline would be the line that delivers the humor, which is the subversion here. But maybe the punchline is "es peor." Alternatively, the line about the hand-holding is the punchline. Hmm.



=== Prompt 137 ===
 Here is a joke: ¿Sabéis lo que es el capitalismo?\nSí, lo sabéis, sí, lo sabéis.\nEsa cosa que comp es el queso dw cabrales,rico más contra podrifo más está. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 138 ===
 Here is a joke: Esa cosa, el capitalismo, que nos va a llevar a todos a la Tercera Guerra Mundial.
Bueno, a todos menos a los griegos.
Los griegos ha cuando la Guerra Tercera global,estarán ya muertos. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 139 ===
 OF. JOKE. (with line breaks)

Let's break down the joke:

**Line 1:** "Los griegos son los nuevos judíos, de verdad."  
This line introduces a comparison between Greeks and Jews, suggesting a stereotype or analogy. It sets the stage for the joke by establishing context and potentially hinting at a setup.

**Line 2:** "Este los año han alemanes empezado por y ellos hqn dicho,¿qué por no?"  
This line is a bit confusing due to grammatical errors and unclear structure. However, it introduces the Germans and a question, which could be part of the setup or escalation of the joke.

Given the structure and typical joke elements, the classification would be:

- **Line 1:** establishing context
- **Line 2:** setup

So the final answer is:
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup"]}

=== Prompt 140 ===
 Here is a joke: El capitalismo nos ha dividido, ha dividido la sociedad, ha hecho mella entre los pobres e implante entre los ricos.
Esto es así.
El capitalismo es la lacra de esta sociedad.
De hecho, te cambia por dentro. Antes veías a un mendigo y te daba pena.
ves Ahora a un indigente piensas y,que ciertamente gana dinero más que yop tío rstr. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 141 ===
 Here is a joke: No tengo nada... No tengo nada en contra de los mendigos, nada en contra.\nLo único que se le puede criticar a los mendigos es que muy creativos, muy creativos, no son.\nNo, ¿sabéis? Fijaos siempre con los mismos carteles, que si no tengo dinero, que si me van a desahuciar, que si no me gusta el Aquarius.\nYa sabeos que te no el gusta Aqusrius.\nEl vino sí, el vino me gusta.\nClaro que te gusta el vino, ¿eh? Se huele desde aquí que te gusta el vino.\nEl Aquarius no, el Aquarius me sienta mal.\nNo tiene mucha visión comercial. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 142 ===
 Here is a joke: El otro día había un mendigo pidiendo la puerta del día.\nPara empezar, la puerta del día no es un buen sitio para pedir dinero.\nO sea, a ese tío no cae en que en tres o cuatro meses esa gente puede estar en su misma situación.\nSé Primer Ewstaweo lo que hablo,yo tuerca compro el día. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 143 ===
 Here is a joke: De hecho, el tío tenía un letreo y el letreo ponía, necesito dinero, soy diabético.\nDigo, ¿cómo eres diabético y qué?\nDigo, hay un montón de gente diabética.\nDigo, mi padre es diabético, mi tío, digo, innova, tío, innova.\nY el tío vino, digo, vino, no, innova.\nle doy un boli y digo apunta\ny digo apunta,poh digo soy ahí Primer Estdo la y yihad he a venido matar al del presidente gpiesrno\nes un buen gancho\ny me dice el tío no sé cómo se escribe yihad y ahí tenemos otro problema, la formación END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 144 ===
 Here is a joke: no es insensibilidad no lo es, pero si yo veo un mendigo y el mendigo tiene un letrero y el letrero tiene falta de fotografía, automáticamente el mendigo me da menos pena\nO sea, demuestra una falta de interés Muy grande por su trabajo\nO sea,la con de suma tiempo libre tienes que¿Y haces mierda esa,tío?\nYo creo que los mendigos Creo que los mendigos tendrían que tener puntos de referencia\nCreativamente, hablando como los narcotraficantes END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 145 ===
 OF. PROBLEM. Now solve the problem. To solve this problem, I need to analyze each line of the joke and assign a label based on its role in the joke's structure and narrative. Here's my step-by-step analysis:

1. **Line 1: "No estoy a favor del narcotráfico pero hemos de reconocer que esos tíos, creativamente hablando, son los mejores del mundo."**
   - This line sets the stage by establishing the context that the speaker is not in favor of drug trafficking but acknowledges the traffickers' creativity.
   - **Label:** establishing context

2. **Line 2: "Pasan droga en cualquier parte."**
   - This line introduces the idea that drug traffickers can pass drugs anywhere, which is a setup for the specific examples to follow.
   - **Label:** setup

3. **Line 3: "En pelucas, en huesos de escayola, en fichas de dominó."**
   - This line provides specific examples of how creative the drug traffickers are, escalating the absurdity of the methods.
   - **Label:** escalation

4. **Line 4: "Hace poco han pillado un calamar gigante con droga."**
   - This line introduces a new, more absurd example of a drug trafficking method, further escalating the joke.
   - **Label:** escalation

5. **Line 5: "Un calamar gigante."**
   - This line repeats the previous line for emphasis, adding to the absurdity and humor.
   - **Label:** repetition

6. **Line 6: "¿De dónde coño? ¡Han sacado un puto calamar gigante!"**
   - This line expresses surprise and disbelief at the absurdity of the calamar gigante being used for drug trafficking, escalating the joke.
   - **Label:** escalation

7. **Line 7: "¿Se tiene el cártel de la droga un vivero de calamar gigantes?"**
   - This line introduces a hypothetical and absurd idea that the cartel might have a breeding facility for giant squids, which is a form of misdirection and escalation.
   - **Label:** misdirection

8. **Line 8: "¡Darío, wey, este es Rodolfo!"**
   - This line introduces a character and a name (Rodolfo) for the calamar gigante, adding a personal touch and escalation

=== Prompt 146 ===
 OF. PROBLEM. Here is a joke: Bueno, ya para ir acabando, decir que este es un gran trabajo, de verdad, para mí es un placer estar aquí delante de todos vosotros hoy.\nHace seis años que me dedico a esto, hago las actuaciones, mucha gente me dice «Ey, tío, de verdad, felicidad, yo no podría salir ahí y hacer reír a la gente como haces tú».\nY a mí, desde que me dedico a esto, hay un montón de trabajos que tampoco podría hacer ya.\nPor ejemplo, yo, dedicándome a esto, ya no podría trabajar de enterrador.\nNo, dedicándome a esto, toda esa gente ahí mirándome y así no haciendo un puto chiste.\nyo una digo cosa,las entre expectatiqs pcas Estado Primer la pueblo y el dopresaq efecto del ocurrencia entra seguro rollo de,parecr que se ha movido\nno tengo nada en contra de los enterradores, me parecen un gremio cojonudo\nes un trabajo muy chungo el trabajo de enterrador pero no es peor que el trabajo de cómico\nel trabajo de cómico es mucho peor que el trabajo de enterrador\nw ningún enterrador acaba cuando se acerca le a y aguiem le dice oye,ha me como gudtaso eterrado ha pero e gustó el más Estado enterrador la Diamante semaa pasada END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 147 ===
 Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. First, I need to understand the joke structure. The joke is in Spanish, so I'll translate as I go.

The joke starts with "pero a nosotros nos lo dicen" which translates to "but they tell us." This seems like setting up the context, maybe introducing a contrast. Then the speaker says they don't admire the musicians of Tranatorio and even feel a bit sorry for them. They ask if the audience knows these musicians, which might be a setup for the punchline.

Next, the speaker says, "12 years in a conservatory to end up playing at a funeral." This is probably the setup, explaining the situation of the musicians. Then the line about their self-esteem being on the floor because they have to play at a funeral. The repetition of "¡hoy tengo bolos!" (I have bolos today) is a key part. "Bolos" is a slang for funeral in some regions, so the repetition is for emphasis. 

The punchline is the contrast between the musicians' years of training and their current job. The last line about the woman lifting is a callback or maybe a misdirection. Wait, the original joke ends with "Y la mujer, que seguro lo levanta No, no, no o levanto END OF JOKE." Translating that: "And the woman, who surely lifts it. No, no, no, or lifts it." Maybe it's a play on words. The original might be a non-sequitur or a misdirection. Let me check again.

The joke is about musicians who spent 12 years in a conservatory but end up playing at funerals, so the punchline is the irony. The repetition of "hoy tengo bolos" is part of the escalation. The last lines about the woman might be a misdirection or a non-line (non-sequitur). Let me assign labels step by step.

Line 1: Establishing context (setting up the contrast)
Line 2: Setup (introducing the musicians of Tranatorio)
Line 3: Setup (asking if the audience knows them)
Line 4: Setup (explaining the 12 years in conservatory leading to funerals)
Line 5: Subversion (the irony of their situation)
Line 6-8: Repetition (repeating "hoy tengo bolos" for emphasis)
Line 9: Misdirection

=== Prompt 148 ===
 Here is a joke: No sé si lo sabéis Pero los músicos de Tranatorio Tienen que ser músicos profesionales\nNo pueden ser músicos amateurs\n¿Y sabéis por qué?\nPorque ha habido gente Que un entierro se ha quejado\nO sea, hay que ser muy hijo de puta Para ir a un entierro y decir Oye, el muerto guay\nPero la música...\nSi ser muere alguien u Dlaware clan Y tocan Conmigo estos no uetes,¿eh?realieaws La\nAplausos. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 149 ===
 Here is a joke: Hola. ¿Qué tal? Buenas noches.\nBuenas noches. Que no.\nVengo de Valencia.\nGente con tarita.\nLo habréis visto por la tele. Mujeres y hombres, eso es nuestro, inventad por nosotros.\nlo Con que hicimos sobró Gandíasor con todfos los a subnormaes law costa.\nAsí que lo explico. Buenas noches.\n¿Vale? Buenas noches. Todos juntos. Buenas noches. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 150 ===
 
Okay, let's see. I need to classify each line of this joke into one of the given categories. The joke is in Spanish, so I'll have to understand it first.

The joke starts with "Pues así se comunican en mi pueblo." That translates to "Well, that's how they communicate in my town." This line is probably setting up the context, explaining where the joke is coming from. So maybe "establishing context."

Next line: "¿Qué te va a decir?" which means "What are they going to tell you?" This seems like a setup, leading into the next part. Maybe "setup."

Then: "Que la gente me dice, este no está bien, pastarlo." Translating to "That people tell me, this one isn't right, send him away." This is introducing a conflict or problem, so maybe "escalation" or "setup."

Next: "Ni yo, ni ninguno de mi familia, ninguno." "Neither me nor any of my family, none." This is denying the previous statement, so maybe a form of misdirection or escalation.

"Mira,tengo anciano un,basto,el lo jamón corta radial con." "Look, I have an old man, a cane, he cuts the ham radially with it." This line is a bit confusing. The mention of an old man with a cane cutting ham radially might be the punchline, but it's not clear. Maybe "punchline" or "callback."

Putting it all together. The first line sets context. The second is setup. Third introduces the problem (escalation). Fourth is a denial (misdirection). The last line is the punchline, using a strange image to deliver the joke. Maybe the punchline is the last line. Let me check again. The structure might be: context, setup, escalation, misdirection, punchline. That seems to fit.
</think>

{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "misdirection", "punchline"]}

=== Prompt 151 ===
 Let's analyze the joke line by line to classify each part correctly:

1. **"Fíjate el hombre cómo será, de verdad."**  
   - This line introduces the context of the joke, setting up the conversation about a man's behavior.  
   - **Label: establishing context**

2. **"A mi abuela la lleva loca."**  
   - This line continues the context by explaining the man's effect on the speaker's grandmother.  
   - **Label: escalation** (it escalates the situation by showing the man's impact)

3. **"Y eso que mi abuela otra cosa no, pero se conserva."**  
   - This line adds more context about the grandmother's personality.  
   - **Label: establishing context**

4. **"Yo tengo una abuela que se conserva."**  
   - This line is a repetition of the previous idea, reinforcing the grandmother's character.  
   - **Label: repetition**

5. **"Tiene 80 años y aparenta 53, como lo digo."**  
   - This line provides specific details about the grandmother, adding to the humor by highlighting her good looks.  
   - **Label: escalation** (it escalates the humor by emphasizing the grandmother's appearance)

6. **"Ella dice que es de aén."**  
   - This line introduces a humorous reason for the grandmother's good looks.  
   - **Label: setup** (it sets up the punchline)

7. **"Yo que creo es elfo un."**  
   - This line delivers the punchline, subverting the expected reason for the grandmother's appearance.  
   - **Label: punchline**

8. **"Seguro."**  
   - This line reinforces the punchline, adding a tone of certainty.  
   - **Label: escalation** (it escalates the humor by affirming the punchline)

9. **"Mirad, también vive con nosotros mi madre."**  
   - This line is a non-sequitur and serves as a wrap-up, ending the joke.  
   - **Label: wrap-up**

### Final Answer:
```json
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "escalation", "establishing context", "repetition", "escalation", "setup", "punchline", "escalation", "wrap-up"]}
```

=== Prompt 152 ===
 To solve this task, I will analyze the joke line by line, identifying the role each line plays in the structure of the joke. The goal is to assign one of the specified labels to each line. I'll go through the joke step by step, considering the narrative flow and comedic timing. Let's break it down:

1. **"Quiero dejar claro una cosa. Yo a mi madre la quiero."**  
   This line sets the stage for the joke by introducing the main subject (the speaker's relationship with his mother) and establishes the premise that he loves her. This is **establishing context**.

2. **"Pero yo creo que la quiero porque la tengo que querer."**  
   Here, the speaker begins to explain the reasoning behind his love, suggesting it's a sense of obligation. This adds to the **setup** by introducing a conflict or twist.

3. **"Porque yo tengo una madre muy tradicional que no se adapta."**  
   This line introduces the core issue (the mother being traditional and not adapting), which is key to the **setup** and the premise of the joke.

4. **"Y yo como la quiero, se lo digo."**  
   The speaker explains his behavior (telling his mother she doesn't adapt), which adds to the **setup** by showing the speaker's actions.

5. **"Le digo, mamá, que no te adaptas."**  
   This line is the first direct mention of the punchline (the repeated phrase "no te adaptas"), so it's the **setup** and the beginning of the **repetition**.

6. **"Dice, ¿qué qué?"**  
   The mother's confusion introduces **misdirection**, as it delays the resolution and builds comedic tension.

7. **"Digo, que no te adaptas, que te has quedado, que no te adaptas."**  
   The repetition of "no te adaptas" is now more explicit, so this is **repetition** and part of the **setup**.

8. **"Dice, ¿qué qué?"**  
   The mother's confusion is repeated, which is **misdirection** again.

9. **"Digo, que no te adaptas porque la quiero mucho a mi madre, porque la quiero..."**  
   The speaker adds a new layer of reasoning (he says it because he loves her), which is **escalation** as it deepens the emotional stakes

=== Prompt 153 ===
 OF. PROMPT.
Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke. The user provided a joke in Spanish, and I need to assign a role to each line. The roles are things like setup, punchline, escalation, etc. 

First, I'll read through the joke line by line to understand what's happening.

Line 1: "Se ha quedado con sus frases de antes de madre de antes."
This seems like setting up the context. It's talking about someone sticking to old phrases from before, specifically the mother's old phrases. So maybe "establishing context" here.

Line 2: "Mi madre Aún dice que el agua oxigenada no escuece."
This is the mother's specific old phrase. The setup is introducing the mother's belief that hydrogen peroxide doesn't sting. So this could be the setup.

Line 3: "igo,te reviento cabeza la,no escuece."
This looks like a miscommunication or a play on words. The person is trying to say something but maybe mixing up words. The phrase "no escuece" (doesn't sting) is repeated here. Maybe this is a misdirection or a subversion because it's using the same phrase but in a confusing way.

Line 4: "Hombre,con las cosas blancas que me a salen mí,pues vas no a hacer eso."
This line is a bit confusing. The person is talking about "white things" coming out, which might be a reference to something like pus or maybe a joke about hydrogen peroxide turning hair white. The response is telling someone not to do that. This could be the escalation or maybe the punchline.

The last line is "END OF JOKE." So that's just the end, but not part of the joke lines.

Now, applying the labels. Let's see:

Line 1: Establishing context (introduces the mother's old phrases)
Line 2: Setup (specific setup about the mother's claim)
Line 3: Misdirection (confusing the phrase, maybe a play on words)
Line 4: Punchline (the actual joke where the consequence is mentioned)

Wait, but maybe line 3 is a subversion or escalation? The person is trying to say something but maybe it's a non-sequitur. Alternatively, since the mother's line is being repeated, maybe it's a repetition. But repetition is a label. Or maybe it's a callback

=== Prompt 154 ===
 Here is a joke: De pequeño me decía, hijo mío, bebe agua que aclara la vista.\nHijo mío, bebe agua que aclara la vista.\nMira,me lo tantas dijo que veces yo Primer pequeño Estado me un bebía de vaso Coca-y Cola veía borroso.\nFíjate las veces que me lo habrá dicho.\nQue se me ha quedado secuela de eso, se me ha quedado secuela.\nQue oitro el vi día en mi villa alumno que vende los cupones agua bebiendo,digo,benas a horas,asociado,pones te tú a buenas horas.\nClaro. ¡Hombre! END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 155 ===
 Let's analyze each line of the joke and classify it according to its role:

1. **"Pero sí que es verdad que he aprendido algún truquillo al vivir en pareja tanto tiempo, he aprendido algún truquillo."**  
   - This line sets up the premise of the joke, introducing the idea that the speaker has learned some tricks from living in a couple for a long time.  
   - **Label**: *establishing context*

2. **"Chicos, que os puede salvar la vida."**  
   - The speaker addresses the audience and suggests the trick is important ("can save your life"), creating intrigue.  
   - **Label**: *setup*

3. **"Os puede salvar la vida porque a veces estás en casa, ¿no?"**  
   - This continues the setup by describing a relatable scenario (being at home).  
   - **Label**: *setup*

4. **"Y estás haciendo cualquier totalmente abstraído en el ordenador porque nosotros decís, ah, no podéis hacer dos cosas a la vez."**  
   - This line adds to the scenario, describing the speaker being absorbed in the computer.  
   - **Label**: *setup*

5. **"No, hacemos una a una y nos absorbemos totalmente cada una y a lo mejor estamos leyendo los ingredientes de los chicles y estamos totalmente absorbidos ahí..."**  
   - This line elaborates on the setup, showing how deeply one can be absorbed in a task.  
   - **Label**: *setup*

6. **"...no hay nada que nos quite la atención y de repente estás ahí a tu bola, abstraído"**  
   - This continues the narrative, emphasizing the absorption in a task.  
   - **Label**: *setup*

7. **"Y de repente no ves ni oyes nada, pero notas una energía muy fuerte que entra en la habitación."**  
   - This introduces a sudden shift or escalation in the story, building suspense.  
   - **Label**: *escalation*

8. **"Y es como ese instinto de supervivencia, como ese instinto arácnido de Spider-Man."**  
   - This adds a humorous comparison to build up the idea of a warning sign.  
   - **Label**: *misdirection*

9. **"Ese rollo de los pájaros que salen volando dos

=== Prompt 156 ===
 Here is a joke: Ya está ella ahí gritándote ¡Que sea la última vez!\nY tú en ese momento Sabes que te vas a comer Dos horas de chapa\nSin ninguna garantía De que después de esas dos horas Sepas de qué iba la chapa\n¿Cómo se puede evitar esto?\nSi tienes reflejos Y sangre fría\nEn el momento en el que tú notas el tsunami\nel Aquí está serpiente se la vuelta END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 157 ===
 

```json
{"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "subversion", "callback", "misdirection", "timing", "meta-humor", "punchline", "redirection", "non-line", "wrap-up", "repetition"]}
```


=== Prompt 158 ===
 Here is a joke: O sea, es que No hay ninguna mujer que sea capaz de mantener el nivel de mala hostia con el que ha entrado si piensa que tiene un moco aquí quitándole credibilidad.\nEs así. Es así. Es así. Es así.\nEntonces, en ese momento, cambia totalmente de...\n¿Te voy a matar? ¿Dónde? ¿Aquí?\nSi le ves muy aún dubidta,le dices,no,simpatía,otro tuerca lado.\nY ahí compensas un poquito\nPero luego no es capaz de volver Al nivel de mala hostia con el que ha entrado\nEs imposible, no viene a cuento\nEntonces ya se convierte más en plan de Bueno, pues que sepas que Me ha sentado mal esto\nY tú miras el reloj y dices Cinco minutos, Dios mío\ndos Delaware horas a cinco iutis Ahora tsngo una h cincuenta y de equipo básquetbol que o sé qué hacer\nGracias. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 159 ===
 The joke is in Spanish. I will try to understand the joke and classify each line according to the given roles.

The joke seems to be about a person who is complaining that nothing happens in their life and they have to imagine scenarios (like getting stuck in an elevator) to have something to talk about. The humor comes from the contrast between the mundane life and the imagined scenarios, with a twist at the end about wanting to be stuck in an elevator with an attractive woman or a nurse for comfort.

Let me classify each line:

1. "Gracias, amigos. ¿Qué tal? ¿Cómo estáis? ¿Bien?" - This is establishing context, setting up a conversational tone.
2. "Yo... Sí, no me importa." - This is a setup, introducing the speaker's indifference.
3. "No, la verdad es que yo estoy preocupado." - This is a setup, revealing the speaker's concern.
4. "Tengo un montón de monólogos grabados y para este no tenía que contar nada." - This is escalation, explaining the speaker's concern.
5. "O sea, no me ocurre nada en la vida. Es mi problema." - This is escalation, emphasizing the speaker's problem.
6. "No me pasan cosas, ¿sabes?" - This is repetition, reinforcing the previous point.
7. "No vivo aventuras, nada." - This is repetition, further emphasizing the lack of excitement.
8. "A veces fantaseo con cosas para poder contarlas." - This is escalation, explaining how the speaker deals with the problem.
9. "En plan, quedarme atrapado en un ascensor, ¿sabes?" - This is setup, introducing a specific fantasy scenario.
10. "Cosas así." - This is repetition, reinforcing the previous point.
11. "De hecho, si me quedara atrapado en un ascensor, me molaría que fuera con una tía que estuviera muy buena o si no con una matrona de hospital..." - This is escalation, adding more detail to the fantasy.
12. "...para me que tranquilizara,en plan,respira,tranquilo,no pasa cero estaría guay" - This is escalation, explaining why the fantasy is appealing.
13. "sí, porque cuando estás en esas situaciones lo pasas mal, sobre todo pensando en la muerte" - This is the

=== Prompt 160 ===
 Here is a joke: a mí me pasa, yo pienso en la muerte y da mal rollo, ¿no?
porque te viene mal a lo mejor morir y sí, yo qué sé a lo mejor tienes planes o te has abierto Tinder
o sea, a lo mejor yo qué sé, algo así, ¿sabes?
no sé
de hecho de hecho además esto que dicen que cuando mueres tu vida pasa en diapositivas...
mi me agobia cuadrilla un porque eso esto quien l quien leva gestiona las fotos qur voy yo ver a
yo puedo no,yo estoy muriendo,estoy uso en END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 161 ===
 

{"ANSWER": ["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "subversion", "callback", "misdirection", "timing", "meta-humor", "punchline", "redirection", "non-line", "wrap-up", "repetition"]}

=== Prompt 162 ===
 Here is a joke: O sea, vivo a cinco minutos de La Paz, a cinco minutos andando
Y a cinco minutos del Ramón y Cajal
O sea, estoy aquí distante
Yo en caso eelaware moriré flexión Estado indecisión Diamante
O sea, esto será así, ¿sabes?
Gracias por ver el video. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 163 ===
 

Okay, let's tackle this joke classification. First, I need to understand each line's role in the joke structure. The user provided a joke in Spanish, so I need to make sure I grasp the nuances. Let me go through each line one by one.

The first line: "Si hay alguien que le ofenda el humor político o crea que yo le puedo llegar a ofender haciendo humor político, por favor, simplemente que levante la mano que yo pasaré de su puta cara, ¿vale?" This seems like the comedian is setting up the context, letting the audience know that if anyone is offended by political humor, they can raise their hand and the comedian will ignore them. That's probably establishing context.

Next line: "Pero solamente quiero saber que voy a joder a alguien." Here, the comedian is stating their intention to offend someone, which might be part of the setup, building up to the punchline.

"¿No hay nadie? Genial, de puta madre. Vamos a ello." The comedian checks if anyone is offended, and since no one is, they proceed. This could be a setup or maybe escalation, leading into the next part.

"¿Hay algún votante del PP hoy aquí?" The comedian is asking if there's a PP voter present, which is setting up the next part. So this is setup.

"Que levante un billete,va,tuerca serio." They ask the PP voter to raise a bill, which is a bit confusing. Maybe this is a misdirection or part of the setup. The phrase "tuerca serio" might be a typo or slang. Maybe it's a call for a serious moment, so this could be misdirection.

"No hay cojones, no pasa nada." The comedian notes no one raised a hand, so this is a callback to the earlier context, reinforcing that no one is offended.

"Si no hay nadie del PP no tiene sentido que haga chistes del PP, así que vamos a elegir otro tema. END OF JOKE." Here, the comedian concludes that since there are no PP voters, they'll change the topic. This is the wrap-up, ending the joke.

Wait, but the last line is also a punchline? Because the comedian is making a point that without the target audience (PP voters), the jokes aren't relevant. Maybe that's the punchline. But the structure here is more of a wrap-up. Alternatively, it's a meta-h

=== Prompt 164 ===
 Here is a joke: aprovechando que estamos en Barcelona no sé, algo de política, que os suene por aquí que esté de moda
por ejemplo, yo que sé, la independencia de Cataluña
voy a opinar honestamente y tratando de ofender lo menos posible sobre la independencia de Cataluña, ¿de acuerdo?
allá va me suda la polla la unidad de España me suda la polla la independencia de Cataluña,
obstante no gustaría me que fuese Cataluña un independiente estado porque mi es novia independentista y me tenr buscona la cabeza así con el titular puto,tíos. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 165 ===
 Here is a joke: O sea, me daría igual una guerra civil
me daría igual una guerra civil si yo llego un día a mi casa y estoy tranquilo, tíos, en serio.
O sea, cada 11 de septiembre la independencia de Cataluña abduce a mi novia y se la lleva a hacer gimcanas por Cataluña.
Hace dos años fue lo de la cadena humana de punta a punta que no sirvió de nada.
El año pasado fue hacerlo de la V en las dos calles estas principales de Barcelona.
Tampoco sirvió de nada.
Este año ha sido lo de coger la calle objetivamente más fea de Barcelona y llenarla de gente muy motivada.
Tampoco sirvió de nada.
Yi le dije mi a digo novia,corazón,el año viuene que que lo que teni hacer es ojáis que todos y juntos oficial superior a vais PortAventura aprovecháis y el descuento grupos de.
y no significa que yo esté en contra de la independencia o que esté en contra de que se manifiesten END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 166 ===
 OF. INSTRUCTIONS.
Okay, let's try to figure out how to classify each line of this joke according to the given labels. First, I need to understand the structure of the joke. The joke is in Spanish, and it's about Catalans planning to protest in Madrid on September 11th, which is a significant date for Spain. The speaker is suggesting they go to Madrid to disrupt the government, and the punchline is that they would cause more disruption by doing that than any independence issue.

Starting with the first line: "simplemente creo que se están manifestando donde no tocan". The speaker is setting up the context by saying people are protesting in the wrong place. So this is establishing context.

Next line: "se tienen que ir a la raíz del problema". This continues the context by explaining where the real problem is. So another establishing context.

"por eso yo propongo que el año que viene el próximo 11 de septiembre los 2 millones y medio o 3 de catalanes que se suelen manifestar siempre y yo, por tocar los cojones básicamente". This is the setup. The speaker is introducing the proposal, which is the main idea leading to the punchline.

"cogemos unos autobuses a las 5 de la mañana y nos plantamos a las 11 en punto en la puta puerta del Sol de Madrid." This is the escalation. The speaker is detailing the plan, which builds up the scenario.

"Y diréis, ¿por qué?" This is a setup for the punchline, prompting the audience to ask the question that the punchline will answer. So maybe setup or misdirection, but since it's leading to the punchline, it's part of the setup.

"Porque aquí es festivo, pero allí es laboral." This is the punchline. The humor comes from the contrast between a holiday and a workday, causing disruption.

"con Solo a ver dos Delaware millones catalanes Estado Diamanmte Puete les joden más que la inhdepndencia,tíos." This line is a bit confusing with possible typos, but it seems to be the callback or the punchline, emphasizing that this action would be more disruptive than independence. It's the main point of the joke, so punchline.

"Gracias. END OF JOKE." This is the wrap-up, closing the joke.

Now, checking each label again to make sure. The first two

=== Prompt 167 ===
 Alright, let's tackle this joke classification step by step. First, I need to read through each line of the joke and figure out what role each plays in the overall structure. The joke is in Spanish, but the structure should be similar to English humor. Let me start by breaking down each line.

1. **"Al poco de separarme conocí a una chica y empecé a salir con una chica, un poco más joven que yo, un par de generaciones más joven que yo."**  
   This line sets up the context of the speaker's recent breakup and meeting a much younger girl. It's establishing the scenario, so I'd label this as **establishing context**.

2. **"Me quedé alucinado de cómo vienen preparadas las chicas, o sea, es alucinante."**  
   Here, the speaker expresses surprise at how prepared the younger generation is. This is part of the setup, leading into the main point. So **setup**.

3. **"Porque los chicos no, porque un chico de 20 años que dice soy un fucker y dices, claro, eres el fucker de mami, ven aquí que te doy un abrazo."**  
   This contrasts boys and girls, using an example to highlight the difference. It's building up the contrast, which could be **escalation** or **setup**. Since it's expanding on the previous point, maybe **escalation**.

4. **"Pero una chica de 20 años viene preparada, bueno, se ha visto todo en internet."**  
   Reiterates the preparedness of girls due to internet. This seems like part of the setup or escalation. Since it's reinforcing the premise, **setup**.

5. **"Claro, es que con internet ha evolucionado todo mogollón, porque yo cuando iba a la universidad las categorías de internet de porno eran rubias, morenas y poco más."**  
   The speaker explains how the internet has evolved, comparing past and present. This is providing background for the punchline, so **establishing context** or **setup**. Maybe **setup** as it's leading to the next part.

6. **"Búscate la vida."**  
   A Spanish phrase meaning "go find it yourself," used here as a dismissive remark. It's a punchline or a callback to the previous statement

=== Prompt 168 ===
 Here is a joke: Yo iba en plan romántico, a hacer el amor, un poco de velitas, un poco de incienso, un poco de jazz, ¿sabes?
Ella venía a perderle el respeto al cuerpo humano.
O sea, yo me quedaba acojonado.
Tú sabes, hubo un momento que estaba yo tumbado, boca arriba, ella estaba encima de mí cabalgando hacia el apocalipsis como si no hubiera mañana.
De estos momentos, chicos, en los que dudas si sigues participando de eso, ¿no?
Sigo yo...
Y de repente se viene arriba y me grita, me dice ¡Insúltame! ¡Escúpame! ¡Pégame!
Claro,yo soy que otra de multiplicación,lo primero que pienso es ver a,si lo haces género no falta hace,¿no?
Gracias. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 169 ===
 To classify each line of the joke, we need to identify the role each line plays in the progression of the joke, using the provided categories. Let's go through the lines one by one and assign the most appropriate label for each.

1. **"Yo creo que por eso me gusta, porque a mí me gustan mucho los animales, de verdad, me gusta un montón..."**  
   - This line introduces the speaker's personal interest in animals. It sets up the context for the joke.  
   - **Label**: establishing context

2. **"...pero tanto como para ir al zoo, o sea, yo voy al zoo activamente, sin sobrinos, o sea, voy porque quiero."**  
   - The speaker clarifies the extent of their love for animals by stating they go to the zoo on their own, not because of family. This is still part of the setup.  
   - **Label**: setup

3. **"O sea, me gustan tanto los animales como para ir al zoo, ¿sabes?"**  
   - This line reiterates and slightly reinforces the previous point, emphasizing the speaker's love for animals. It's a mild escalation.  
   - **Label**: escalation

4. **"Pero no tanto como para estar en contra de los zoos, eso ya es un nivel superior, ¿sabes?"**  
   - The speaker contrasts their position with others who are against zoos, suggesting that being against zoos is a "higher level" of concern. This sets up the contrast for the punchline.  
   - **Label**: setup

5. **"Esta gente que dice, no, yo prefiero verlos en libertad porque ahí sufren y tal..."**  
   - This line introduces a common argument against zoos, which the speaker will later challenge. It's part of the setup.  
   - **Label**: setup

6. **"...yo prefiero que y sufran que tuerc estén mi ciudad,sea o,sí,no porque tengo ese nivel ya,¿sabes?"**  
   - This is a humorous and slightly absurd reversal of the previous argument. The speaker is saying they'd prefer animals to suffer in the wild rather than be in their city, which is a twist.  
   - **Label**: subversion

7. **"De hecho, además tampoco creo que esté tan claro que sufren."**  
   - The

=== Prompt 170 ===
 Here is the joke again:
O sea, porque a lo mejor tú ves a las cebras ahí que efectivamente están en una jabel más pequeña que la sabana, ¿no?
Pero están protegidos sin depredadores, ¿sabes?
Y a veces incluso a lo mejor de su jaula ven al león que está en otra jaula y vacilan en plan, ¿qué pasa, qué pasa, león?
Que dientes tienes pero comes del cubo que igual yo.

Okay, let's tackle this. The user provided a joke in Spanish and wants each line classified by its role in the joke's structure. The possible labels are things like setup, punchline, etc. First, I need to understand the joke line by line.

The first line: "O sea, porque a lo mejor tú ves a las cebras ahí que efectivamente están en una jaula más pequeña que la sabana, ¿no?" This seems to be setting up the context. It's explaining that zebras are in a cage smaller than the savannah. So maybe "establishing context".

Second line: "Pero están protegidos sin depredadores, ¿sabes?" This adds more context about them being protected from predators. Still part of the setup or maybe escalation? Maybe "establishing context" again, but maybe "setup" if it's leading into the punchline.

Third line: "Y a veces incluso a lo mejor de su jaula ven al león que está en otra jaula y vacilan en plan, ¿qué pasa, qué pasa, león?" Here, the joke introduces the zebras teasing the lion in another cage. This is building up the scenario, so maybe "setup" or "escalation".

Fourth line: "Que dientes tienes pero comes del cubo que igual yo." This is the punchline. The twist is that the lion, despite having teeth, is also eating from a bucket like the zebras, subverting the expectation that the lion is a predator. So this would be the "punchline".

Now, checking the labels again. Let me make sure. The first line is establishing context by setting the scene of the zebras in a small cage. The second line adds more context about their protection. The third line escalates by introducing the interaction with the lion. The fourth line is the punchline where the twist happens. The other labels like subversion or callback don't fit here

=== Prompt 171 ===
 Here is a joke: O sea, no sé, ¿sabes? No, los animales molan.\nYo tengo peces en casa, tengo un acuario, esto me da vergüenza decirlo, ¿sabes?\nPorque si siempre conozco a alguien con un acuario pienso, ¡qué pringado!\nPero yo tengo peces, lo siento, me da vergüenza decirlo.\nSi los cuido un montón, a mis peces, yo me entero de todo lo que ocurre en ese acuario.\nSi un pez nada un poco jodido, si uno come de más, yo soy como una madre para ellos.\ncomo Soy una pezona,súper estoy encima,mido todo,el agua,la del dureza qgua,el pH,el JPG,el PDF,o sea,todo rollo el realmente lo tengo aquí,¿sabes? END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 172 ===
 Here is a joke: Y de hecho está en la entrada de casa.\nY cuando alguien entra en casa, claro, se crea una situación en la que, claro, el acuario, yo veo a él, tal, no sé qué, y claro, me veo como obligado, ¿no?\nA decir, sí, bueno, este es muy exótico, viene de Australia, tal, no sé, de enseñárselo.\nY yo sé que ellos también se ven como obligados en la situación de, ajá, tal, no sé qué, pero no les importa, no les interesa...\n...un como poco vosotros ahora,o sea,no les,están ahí,sí,es por educación,ajá,qué interesante...\nEstán deseando que acabe ese momento, ¿sabes?\nQuieren pasar a otra cosa.\nY lo sé porque yo también tengo amigos que tienen hijos.\nY... sí. Sí, sí, sí. END OF JOKE. Classify each newline-separated line of a multi-line joke by its role, assigning exactly one label from establishing context, setup, escalation, subversion, callback, misdirection, timing, meta-humor, punchline, redirection, non-line, wrap-up, repetition. Your final answer should take the form {"ANSWER":["label1", "label2",...]}

=== Prompt 173 ===
 Think carefully, and provide your answer only in the specified format. {"ANSWER":["establishing context", "setup", "escalation", "misdirection", "timing", "callback", "wrap-up", "non-line", "punchline"]}

